# Legal Proceedings (Item 3)

*Filing:* 10-K 2026-02-20 (accession 0001628280-26-010047)
*Length:* 32,228 chars  *Confidence:* high

---

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGSThe Company is involved in various legal proceedings, including the proceedings specifically discussed below. Managementbelieves that, except as disclosed in “U.S. Federal Income Tax Dispute” below, the total liabilities of the Company that may arise as a result of currently pending legal proceedings will not have a material adverse effect on the Company taken as a whole.Aqua-Chem LitigationOn December 20, 2002, the Company filed a lawsuit (The Coca-Cola Company v. Aqua-Chem, Inc., Civil Action No. 2002CV631-50) in the Superior Court of Fulton County, Georgia (“Georgia case”), seeking a declaratory judgment that the Company has no obligation to its former subsidiary, Aqua-Chem, Inc., now known as Cleaver-Brooks, Inc. (“Aqua-Chem”), for any past, present or future liabilities or expenses in connection with any claims or lawsuits against Aqua-Chem. Subsequent to the Company’s filing but on the same day, Aqua-Chem filed a lawsuit (Aqua-Chem, Inc. v. The Coca-Cola Company, Civil Action No. 02CV012179) in the Circuit Court, Civil Division of Milwaukee County, Wisconsin (“Wisconsin case”). In the Wisconsin case, Aqua-Chem sought a declaratory judgment that the Company is responsible for all liabilities and expenses not covered by insurance in connection with certain of Aqua-Chem’s general and product liability claims arising from occurrences prior to the Company’s sale of Aqua-Chem in 1981, and a judgment for breach of contract in an amount exceeding $9 million for costs incurred by Aqua-Chem to date in connection with such claims. The Wisconsin case initially was stayed, pending final resolution of the Georgia case, and later was voluntarily dismissed without prejudice by Aqua-Chem. 28The Company owned Aqua-Chem from 1970 to 1981. During that time, the Company purchased over $400 million of insurance coverage, which also insures Aqua-Chem for some of its prior and future costs for certain product liability and other claims. The Company sold Aqua-Chem to Lyonnaise American Holding, Inc., in 1981 under the terms of a stock sale agreement. The 1981 agreement, and a subsequent 1983 settlement agreement, outlined the parties’ rights and obligations concerning past and future claims and lawsuits involving Aqua-Chem. Cleaver-Brooks, a division of Aqua-Chem, manufactured boilers, some of which contained asbestos gaskets. Aqua-Chem was first named as a defendant in asbestos lawsuits in or around 1985 and currently has approximately 15,000 active claims pending against it.The parties agreed in 2004 to stay the Georgia case pending the outcome of insurance coverage litigation filed by certain Aqua-Chem insurers on March 26, 2004. In the coverage action, five plaintiff insurance companies filed suit (Century Indemnity Company, et al. v. Aqua-Chem, Inc., The Coca-Cola Company, et al., Case No. 04CV002852) in the Circuit Court, Civil Division of Milwaukee County, Wisconsin, against the Company, Aqua-Chem and 16 insurance companies. Several of the policies that were the subject of the coverage action had been issued to the Company during the period (1970 to 1981) when the Company owned Aqua-Chem. The complaint sought a determination of the respective rights and obligations under the insurance policies issued with regard to asbestos-related claims against Aqua-Chem. The action also sought a monetary judgment reimbursing any amounts paid by the plaintiffs in excess of their obligations. Two of the insurers, one with a $15 million policy limit and one with a $25 million policy limit, asserted cross-claims against the Company, alleging that the Company and/or its insurers are responsible for Aqua-Chem’s asbestos liabilities before any obligation is triggered on the part of the cross-claimant insurers to pay for such costs under their policies.Aqua-Chem and the Company filed and obtained a partial summary judgment determination in the coverage action that the insurers for Aqua-Chem and the Company were jointly and severally liable for coverage amounts, but reserving judgment on other defenses that might apply. During the course of the Wisconsin insurance coverage litigation, Aqua-Chem and the Company reached settlements with several of the insurers, including plaintiffs, who paid funds into escrow accounts for payment of costs arising from the asbestos claims against Aqua-Chem. On July 24, 2007, the Wisconsin trial court entered a final declaratory judgment regarding the rights and obligations of the parties under the insurance policies issued by the remaining defendant insurers, which judgment was not appealed. The judgment directs, among other things, that each insurer whose policy is triggered is jointly and severally liable for 100% of Aqua-Chem’s losses up to policy limits. The court’s judgment concluded the Wisconsin insurance coverage litigation. The Company and Aqua-Chem continued to pursue and obtain coverage agreements for the asbestos-related claims against Aqua-Chem with those insurance companies that did not settle in the Wisconsin insurance coverage litigation. The Company anticipated that a final settlement with three of those insurers (“Chartis insurers”) would be finalized in May 2011, but the Chartis insurers repudiated their settlement commitments and, as a result, Aqua-Chem and the Company filed suit against them in Wisconsin state court to enforce the coverage-in-place settlement or, in the alternative, to obtain a declaratory judgment validating Aqua-Chem and the Company’s interpretation of the court’s judgment in the Wisconsin insurance coverage litigation. In February 2012, the parties filed and argued a number of cross-motions for summary judgment related to the issues of the enforceability of the settlement agreement and the exhaustion of policies underlying those of the Chartis insurers. The court granted defendants’ motions for summary judgment that the 2011 Settlement Agreement and 2010 Term Sheet were not binding contracts, but denied their similar motions related to plaintiffs’ claims for promissory and/or equitable estoppel. On or about May 15, 2012, the parties entered into a mutually agreeable settlement/stipulation resolving two major issues: exhaustion of underlying coverage and control of defense. On or about January 10, 2013, the parties reached a settlement of the estoppel claims and all of the remaining coverage issues, with the exception of one disputed issue relating to the scope of the Chartis insurers’ defense obligations in two policy years. The trial court granted summary judgment in favor of the Company and Aqua-Chem on that one open issue and entered a final appealable judgment to that effect following the parties’ settlement. On January 23, 2013, the Chartis insurers filed a notice of appeal of the trial court’s summary judgment ruling. On October 29, 2013, the Wisconsin Court of Appeals affirmed the grant of summary judgment in favor of the Company and Aqua-Chem. On November 27, 2013, the Chartis insurers filed a petition for review in the Supreme Court of Wisconsin, and on December 11, 2013, the Company filed its opposition to that petition. On April 16, 2014, the Supreme Court of Wisconsin denied the Chartis insurers’ petition for review. The Georgia case remains subject to the stay agreed to in 2004. U.S. Federal Income Tax DisputeOn September 17, 2015, the Company received a Statutory Notice of Deficiency (“Notice”) from the IRS seeking approximately $3.3 billion of additional federal income tax for years 2007 through 2009. In the Notice, the IRS stated its intent to reallocate over $9 billion of income to the U.S. parent company from certain of its foreign affiliates that the U.S. parent company licensed to manufacture, distribute, sell, market and promote its products in certain non-U.S. markets.29The Notice concerned the Company’s transfer pricing between its U.S. parent company and certain of its foreign affiliates. IRS rules governing transfer pricing require arm’s-length pricing of transactions between related parties such as the Company’s U.S. parent and its foreign affiliates.To resolve the same transfer pricing issue for the tax years 1987 through 1995, the Company and the IRS had agreed in 1996 on an arm’s-length methodology for determining the amount of U.S. taxable income that the U.S. parent company would report as compensation from its foreign licensees. The Company and the IRS memorialized this accord in a closing agreement resolving that dispute (“Closing Agreement”). The Closing Agreement provided that, absent a change in material facts or circumstances or relevant federal tax law, in calculating the Company’s income taxes going forward, the Company would not be assessed penalties by the IRS for using the agreed-upon tax calculation methodology that the Company and the IRS agreed would be used for the 1987 through 1995 tax years.The IRS audited and confirmed the Company’s compliance with the agreed-upon Closing Agreement methodology in five successive audit cycles for tax years 1996 through 2006.The September 17, 2015 Notice from the IRS retroactively rejected the previously agreed-upon methodology for the 2007 through 2009 tax years in favor of an entirely different methodology, without prior notice to the Company. Using the new tax calculation methodology, the IRS reallocated over $9 billion of income to the U.S. parent company from its foreign licensees for tax years 2007 through 2009. Consistent with the Closing Agreement, the IRS did not assert penalties, and it has yet to do so.The IRS designated the Company’s matter for litigation on October 15, 2015. Litigation designation is an IRS determination that forecloses to a company any and all alternative means for resolution of a tax dispute. As a result of the IRS’ designation of the Company’s matter for litigation, the Company was forced to either accept the IRS’ newly imposed tax assessment and pay the full amount of the asserted tax or litigate the matter in the federal courts. The matter remains subject to the IRS’ litigation designation, preventing the Company from any attempt to settle or otherwise mutually resolve the matter with the IRS.The Company consequently initiated litigation by filing a petition in the Tax Court in December 2015, challenging the tax adjustments enumerated in the Notice.Prior to trial, the IRS increased its transfer pricing adjustment by $385 million, resulting in an additional tax adjustment of $135 million. The Company obtained a summary judgment in its favor on a different matter related to Mexican foreign tax credits, which thereafter effectively reduced the IRS’ potential tax adjustment by $138 million.The trial was held in the Tax Court from March through May 2018, and final post-trial briefs were filed and exchanged in April 2019.On November 18, 2020, the Tax Court issued the Opinion in which it predominantly sided with the IRS but agreed with the Company that dividends previously paid by the foreign licensees to the U.S. parent company in reliance upon the Closing Agreement should continue to be allowed to offset royalties, including those that would become payable to the Company in accordance with the Opinion. On November 8, 2023, the Tax Court issued a supplemental opinion, siding with the IRS in concluding both that certain U.S. tax regulations (known as the blocked-income regulations) that address the effect of certain Brazilian legal restrictions on royalty payments by the Company’s licensee in Brazil apply to the Company’s operations and that the Tax Court opinion in 3M Co. & Subs. v. Commissioner (February 9, 2023) (“3M case”) controlled as to the validity of those regulations. On October 1, 2025, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit issued an opinion reversing the judgment of the Tax Court in the 3M case. In its decision, the court concluded that the blocked-income regulation was inconsistent with Internal Revenue Code (“IRC”) Section 482 and that the IRS therefore could not reallocate income from 3M’s subsidiary in Brazil to 3M in contravention of Brazilian restrictions on the payment of royalties. Further, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit specifically rejected the IRS’ argument that the ability of 3M’s subsidiary in Brazil to pay dividends, rather than royalties, meant that royalty income should not be treated as blocked. Both of these conclusions are highly supportive of the Company’s position in its case and reinforce its prior conclusions.The Company believes that the IRS and the Tax Court misinterpreted and misapplied the applicable regulations in reallocating income earned by the Company’s foreign licensees to increase the Company’s U.S. tax. Moreover, the Company believes that the retroactive imposition of such tax liability using a calculation methodology different from that previously agreed upon by the IRS and the Company, and audited by the IRS for over a decade, is unconstitutional. The Company intends to assert its claims on appeal and vigorously defend its positions. In addition, for its litigation with the IRS and for purposes of its appeal of the Tax Court decision, the Company continues to evaluate the implications of several significant administrative law cases recently decided by the U.S. Supreme Court, most notably Loper Bright v. Raimondo, which overruled Chevron U.S.A., Inc. v. NRDC (“Chevron case”). Since 1984, the Chevron case had required that courts defer to agency interpretations of statutes and agency action. In Ohio v. EPA and Garland v. Cargill, two of the recent decisions, the U.S. Supreme Court demonstrated how courts are to rule on agency interpretations and actions without the deference previously required by the Chevron case.30On August 2, 2024, the Tax Court entered a decision reflecting additional federal income tax of $2.7 billion for the 2007 through 2009 tax years. With applicable interest, the total liability for the 2007 through 2009 tax years resulting from the Tax Court’s decision is $6.0 billion, for which the IRS issued the Company invoices on September 3, 2024. The Company paid those invoices (“IRS Tax Litigation Deposit”) on September 10, 2024, which stopped interest from accruing on the additional tax due for the 2007 through 2009 tax years. That amount, plus interest earned, would be refunded in full or in part if the Company’s tax positions are ultimately sustained on appeal. For the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Company recorded net interest income of $217 million and $77 million, respectively, related to this tax payment in the line item income taxes in our consolidated statements of income, in accordance with our accounting policy. The payment of the IRS invoices and the related accrued interest were recorded in the line item other noncurrent assets in our consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024. On October 22, 2024, the Company appealed the Tax Court’s decision to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit. The Company filed its principal appellate brief with the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit on March 12, 2025. The IRS filed its appellate brief on July 7, 2025. The Company filed its reply brief on August 27, 2025.In determining the amount of tax reserve to be recorded as of December 31, 2020, the Company completed the required two-step evaluation process prescribed by Accounting Standards Codification 740, Accounting for Income Taxes. In doing so, we consulted with outside advisors, and we reviewed and considered relevant laws, rules, and regulations, including, but not limited to, the Opinions and relevant caselaw. We also considered our intention to vigorously defend our positions and assert our various well-founded legal claims via every available avenue of appeal. We concluded, based on the technical and legal merits of the Company’s tax positions, that it is more likely than not the Company’s tax positions will ultimately be sustained on appeal. In addition, we considered a number of alternative transfer pricing methodologies, including the methodology asserted by the IRS and affirmed in the Opinions (“Tax Court Methodology”), that could be applied by the courts upon final resolution of the litigation. Based on the required probability analysis, we determined the methodologies we believe the federal courts could ultimately order to be used in calculating the Company’s tax. As a result of this analysis, we recorded a tax reserve of $438 million during the year ended December 31, 2020 related to the application of the resulting methodologies as well as the different tax treatment applicable to dividends originally paid to the U.S. parent company by its foreign licensees, in reliance upon the Closing Agreement, that would be recharacterized as royalties in accordance with the Opinions and the Company’s analysis. The Company’s conclusion that it is more likely than not the Company’s tax positions will ultimately be sustained on appeal is unchanged as of December 31, 2025. However, based on the required probability analysis and the accrual of interest through the current reporting period, we updated our tax reserve as of December 31, 2025 to $512 million.While the Company strongly disagrees with the IRS’ positions and the portions of the Opinions affirming such positions, it is possible that some portion or all of the adjustments proposed by the IRS and sustained by the Tax Court could ultimately be upheld. In that event, the Company would not receive a refund of the applicable portion or all of the $6.0 billion it paid in response to the IRS invoices issued in September 2024 and the related accrued interest receivable of $385 million as of December 31, 2025. Additionally, the Company would likely be subject to significant additional liabilities for subsequent years, which could have a material adverse impact on the Company’s financial position, results of operations and cash flows.The Company calculated the potential impact of applying the Tax Court Methodology to reallocate income from foreign licensees potentially covered within the scope of the Opinions for the 2010 through 2025 tax years, assuming such methodology were to be ultimately upheld by the courts, and the IRS were to decide to apply that methodology to subsequent years, with consent of the federal courts. This impact would include taxes and interest accrued through December 31, 2025. The calculations incorporated the estimated impact of correlative adjustments to the previously accrued transition tax payable under the Tax Reform Act. The Company estimates that the potential aggregate remaining incremental tax and interest liability for the tax years 2010 through 2025 could be approximately $14 billion as of December 31, 2025. Additional income tax and interest on any unpaid potential liabilities for the 2010 through 2025 tax years would continue to accrue until the time any such potential liability, or portion thereof, were to be paid. We currently project the continued application of the Tax Court Methodology in 2026, assuming similar facts and circumstances as of December 31, 2025, would result in an incremental annual tax liability that would increase the Company’s effective tax rate by approximately 3.5%. Environmental MattersOn June 20, 2024, the Mayor and City Council of Baltimore filed a lawsuit against the Company and several unrelated parties in the Circuit Court for Baltimore City, Maryland, concerning the environmental impacts of plastic packaging on the city’s lands and waterways. The complaint asserts claims for (a) violations of various state statutes and local ordinances that prohibit littering or improper dumping of waste on public or private property; (b) unfair, abusive or deceptive trade practices; (c) trespass upon city property; (d) design defects; (e) public nuisance; (f) failure to warn; and (g) negligence. The complaint seeks injunctive relief, compensatory damages and punitive damages but does not specify an amount of damages sought. The Company believes it has strong defenses to the claims. On July 21, 2025, the Baltimore Circuit Court granted in part the 31Company’s Motion to Dismiss, dismissing with prejudice all claims except the public nuisance claim. Proceedings on the public nuisance claim have been stayed pending the outcome of informative Maryland Supreme Court cases.On October 30, 2024, Los Angeles County Counsel filed a lawsuit against the Company, Reyes Coca-Cola Bottling, LLC, as well as other unrelated parties (collectively, “Defendants”) in the Superior Court for the State of California for the County of Los Angeles (“Superior Court”) concerning the environmental impacts of plastic packaging on coastal areas and waterways. The complaint asserts (a) state-law claims for public nuisance; (b) violations of California’s Unfair Competition Law; and (c) violations of California’s False Advertising Law. The complaint seeks injunctive relief, restitution and civil penalties but does not specify an amount of damages sought. The Company removed the action to federal court in December 2024, and the case was remanded back to the Superior Court in March 2025. Defendants’ Motion to Dismiss was denied on September 23, 2025. The Company continues to evaluate its options in light of the Superior Court’s decision and believes it has strong defenses to the claims.On April 11, 2025, the Commissioner of the Department of Licensing and Consumer Affairs and the Government of the UnitedStates Virgin Islands (“USVI”) filed a lawsuit against the Company, CC One Virgin Islands, LLC as well as other unrelated parties in the Superior Court of the Virgin Islands, Division of St. Croix, concerning the environmental impacts of plastic packaging in the USVI. The complaint asserts claims for (a) violations of USVI consumer protection statutes and (b) public nuisance. The complaint seeks injunctive relief, restitution and civil penalties but does not specify an amount of damages sought. The Company believes it has strong defenses to the claims.ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURESNot applicable.ITEM X. INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERSThe following are the executive officers of our Company as of February 20, 2026:NameAgePositionManuel Arroyo58Executive Vice President since January 2024. Global Chief Marketing Officer since January 2020 and, prior to that, President of the Asia Pacific Group from January 2019 to December 2020. President of the Mexico business unit from July 2017 to December 2018, and prior to that, General Manager for Iberia from February 2017. Prior to rejoining the Company in February 2017, Chief Executive Officer of Deoleo, S.A., a Spanish multinational olive oil processing company, from May 2015 to September 2016, and Senior Vice President and President, Asia Pacific, of S.C. Johnson & Son, Inc., a multinational consumer product manufacturer, from September 2014 to May 2015. President of the Company’s ASEAN business unit from 2010 to August 2014. Effective March 31, 2026, Mr. Arroyo will assume the Company’s customer and commercial leadership responsibilities and become Global Chief Marketing and Customer Commercial Officer. Henrique Braun57Chief Operating Officer since January 2025 and Executive Vice President since January 2024. Senior Vice President from July 2023 to December 2023. President, International Development, with oversight of seven of the Company’s operating units, from January 2023 to December 2024. President of the Latin America operating unit from October 2020 to December 2022. President of the Brazil business unit from September 2016 to September 2020, and President of the Greater China and Korea business unit from April 2013 to August 2016. In December 2025, the Board of Directors elected Mr. Braun to serve as Chief Executive Officer of the Company, effective March 31, 2026. In February 2026, the Board of Directors nominated Mr. Braun to stand for election as a Director at the 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareowners.Lisa Chang57Executive Vice President since January 2024 and Global Chief People Officer since March 2019 when she joined the Company. Senior Vice President from March 2019 to December 2023. Senior Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer for AMB Group LLC, which is the investment management and shared services arm of The Blank Family of Businesses, from 2014 through 2018. Prior to joining AMB Group LLC, Vice President of Human Resources for International at Equifax Inc. from 2013 through 2014, where she led human resources for all of its global locations. 32NameAgePositionMonica Howard Douglas53Executive Vice President since January 2024 and Global General Counsel since April 2021. Senior Vice President from April 2021 to December 2023, and Chief Compliance Officer and Associate General Counsel of the North America operating unit from January 2018 to April 2021. Legal Director for the Southern and East Africa business unit from September 2013 to December 2017, and Vice President of Supply Chain and Consumer Affairs and Senior Managing Counsel, Coca-Cola Refreshments, from 2008 to September 2013.Jennifer K. Mann53Executive Vice President since January 2024 and President, North America operating unit since January 2023. Senior Vice President from May 2017 to December 2023. President, Global Ventures from January 2019 to December 2022, Chief People Officer from May 2017 to March 2019, and Chief of Staff for James Quincey, then President and Chief Operating Officer and later Chief Executive Officer, from October 2015 to October 2018. Vice President and General Manager of Coca-Cola Freestyle from June 2012 to October 2015.John Murphy64President since October 2022 and Chief Financial Officer since March 2019. Executive Vice President from March 2019 to September 2022, and prior to that, Senior Vice President and Deputy Chief Financial Officer from January 2019 to March 2019. President of the Asia Pacific Group from August 2016 to December 2018, and President of the South Latin business unit from January 2013 to August 2016.Luisa Ortega55President, Europe operating unit since September 2025, and prior to that, President of the Africa operating unit from February 2023 to August 2025. President of the central zone of the Latin America operating unit from January 2021 to January 2023. President of the South Latin business unit from August 2020 to December 2020, and prior to that, Deputy President of the South Latin business unit from April 2020 to July 2020. She joined the Company in March 2019 as vice president and general manager of the South Latin business unit. Prior to that, she worked for S.C. Johnson & Son, Inc., a multinational consumer product manufacturer, for more than 14 years in various roles in Europe, the United States and the Asia Pacific region.Beatriz Perez56Executive Vice President since January 2024 and Global Chief Communications, Sustainability and Strategic Partnerships Officer since May 2017. Senior Vice President from May 2017 to December 2023. Served as the Company’s first Chief Sustainability Officer from July 2011 to April 2017, and as Vice President, Global Partnerships and Licensing, Retail and Attractions from July 2016 to April 2017. Chair of The Coca-Cola Foundation, Inc., the Company’s primary international philanthropic arm, since October 2017.Bruno Pietracci51President, Latin America operating unit since February 2023, and prior to that, President of the Africa operating unit from January 2021 to January 2023. President of the Africa and Middle East business unit from February 2020 to December 2020, President of the South and East Africa business unit from July 2018 to January 2020, and Vice President of operations for EMEA from November 2016 to June 2018.Nancy Quan59Executive Vice President since January 2024, and prior to that, Senior Vice President from January 2019 to December 2023. Global Chief Technical and Innovation Officer since February 2021, Chief Technical Officer from January 2019 to February 2021, and Chief Technical Officer of Coca-Cola North America from July 2016 to December 2018. Global R&D Officer from January 2012 to July 2016. James Quincey61Chairman of the Board of Directors since April 2019 and Chief Executive Officer since May 2017. Elected to the Board of Directors in April 2017. President from August 2015 to December 2018, and Chief Operating Officer from August 2015 to April 2017. He will step down as Chief Executive Officer effective March 31, 2026, on which date he will transition to Executive Chairman.All executive officers serve at the pleasure of the Board of Directors. There is no family relationship between any of the Directors or executive officers of the Company.33Part IIITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIESThe principal United States market in which the Company’s common stock is listed and traded is the New York Stock Exchange and the corresponding trading symbol is “KO.”While we have historically paid dividends to holders of our common stock on a quarterly basis, the declaration and payment of future dividends will depend on many factors, including, but not limited to, our earnings, financial condition, business development needs and regulatory considerations, and are at the discretion of our Board of Directors.As of February 18, 2026, there were 168,055 shareowner accounts of record. This figure does not include a substantially greater number of “street name” holders or beneficial holders of our common stock, whose shares are held of record by banks, brokers and other financial institutions.The information under the subheading “Equity Compensation Plan Information” under the principal heading “Compensation” in the Company’s Proxy Statement for the 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareowners (“Company’s 2026 Proxy Statement”), to be filed with the SEC, is incorporated herein by reference.During the year ended December 31, 2025, no equity securities of the Company were sold by the Company that were not registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The following table presents information with respect to purchases of common stock of the Company made during the three months ended December 31, 2025 by the Company or any “affiliated purchaser” of the Company as defined in Rule 10b-18(a)(3) under the Exchange Act:PeriodTotal Number ofShares Purchased1AveragePrice PaidPer ShareTotal Number ofShares Purchased as Part of the PubliclyAnnounced Plan2Maximum Number of Shares That MayYet Be PurchasedUnder the PubliclyAnnounced PlanSeptember 27, 2025 through October 24, 2025689,366 $67.43 689,150 67,706,884 October 25, 2025 through November 21, 2025400,564 70.21 399,940 67,306,944 November 22, 2025 through December 31, 2025369,200 70.50 358,200 66,948,744 Total1,459,130 $68.97 1,447,290 1The total number of shares purchased includes: (1) shares purchased, if any, pursuant to the plan described in footnote 2 below, and (2) shares surrendered, if any, to the Company to pay the exercise price and/or to satisfy tax withholding obligations in connection with stock swap exercises of employee stock options and/or the vesting of restricted stock issued to employees.2In February 2019, the Company publicly announced that our Board of Directors had authorized a plan (“2019 Plan”) for the Company to purchase up to 150 million shares of our common stock. This column discloses the number of shares purchased, if any, pursuant to the 2019 Plan during the indicated time periods (including shares purchased pursuant to the terms of preset trading plans meeting the requirements of Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act).34Performance GraphComparison of Five-Year Cumulative Total Shareowner Return Among The Coca-Cola Company, the Dow Jones U.S. Food & Beverage Total Return Index and the S&P 500 IndexDecember 31,202020212022202320242025The Coca-Cola Company$100 $111 $123 $118 $128 $148 Dow Jones U.S. Food & Beverage Total Return Index100 113 122 117 112 113 S&P 500 Index100 129 105 133 166 196 The total shareowner return is based on a $100 investment on December 31, 2020 and assumes that dividends were reinvested on the day of issuance.ITEM 6. RESERVED