# Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk (Item 7A)

*Filing:* 10-K 2026-02-19 (accession 0000813672-26-000016)
*Length:* 8,302 chars  *Confidence:* high

---

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market RiskForeign Currency RiskA material portion of our revenue, expenses and business activities are transacted in the U.S. dollar. In certain foreign countries where we price our products and services in U.S. dollars, a decrease in value of the local currency relative to the U.S. dollar results in an increase in the prices for our products and services compared to those products of our competitors that are priced in local currency. This could result in our prices being uncompetitive in certain markets.In certain countries where we may invoice customers in the local currency, our revenue benefits from a weaker dollar and is adversely affected by a stronger dollar. The opposite impact occurs in countries where we record expenses in local currencies. In those cases, our costs and expenses benefit from a stronger dollar and are adversely affected by a weaker dollar. The fluctuations in our operating expenses outside the United States resulting from volatility in foreign exchange rates are not generally moderated by corresponding fluctuations in revenue from existing contracts.50Table of ContentsWe enter into foreign currency forward exchange contracts to protect against currency exchange risks associated with existing assets, liabilities and other commitments. In connection with our pending acquisition of Hexagon’s D&E business, we entered into foreign currency forward exchange contracts to mitigate the impact of currency price fluctuations of the European Union euro relative to the U.S. dollar on the contractual cash consideration payable to Hexagon at close.We enter into foreign currency forward exchange contracts to protect against currency exchange risks associated with existing assets and liabilities. A foreign currency forward exchange contract acts as a hedge by increasing in value when underlying assets decrease in value or underlying liabilities increase in value due to changes in foreign exchange rates. Conversely, a foreign currency forward exchange contract decreases in value when underlying assets increase in value or underlying liabilities decrease in value due to changes in foreign exchange rates. These forward contracts are not designated as accounting hedges, so the unrealized gains and losses are recognized in other income (expense), net, in advance of the actual foreign currency cash flows with the fair value of these forward contracts being recorded as accrued liabilities or other current assets.We do not use forward contracts for trading purposes. Our forward contracts generally have maturities of 90 days or less. We enter into foreign currency forward exchange contracts based on estimated future asset and liability exposures, and the effectiveness of our hedging program depends on our ability to estimate these future asset and liability exposures. Recognized gains and losses with respect to our current hedging activities will ultimately depend on how accurately we are able to match the amount of foreign currency forward exchange contracts with actual underlying asset and liability exposures.The following table provides information about our foreign currency forward exchange contracts as of December 31, 2025. The information is provided in U.S. dollar equivalent amounts. The table presents the notional amounts, at contract exchange rates, and the weighted average contractual foreign currency exchange rates expressed as units of the foreign currency per U.S. dollar, which in some cases may not be the market convention for quoting a particular currency. All of these forward contracts mature during June 2026.NotionalPrincipalWeightedAverageContractRate (In millions) Forward Contracts:European Union euro$2,454.6 0.84 Canadian dollar174.1 1.39 Japanese yen146.1 154.47 Chinese renminbi107.9 7.04 British pound105.6 0.76 Israeli shekel101.3 3.21 Swedish krona66.8 9.33 Indian rupee61.2 89.4 Taiwan dollar22.0 31.32 Swiss franc7.7 0.79 South Korean won4.2 1,460.89 Singapore dollar4.1 1.29 Brazilian real2.0 5.52 Total$3,257.6 Estimated fair value$(26.0)As of December 31, 2024, our foreign currency exchange contracts had an aggregate principal amount of $927.6 million, and an estimated fair value of $(7.5) million.We have performed sensitivity analyses as of December 31, 2025, and December 31, 2024, using a modeling technique that measures the change in the fair values arising from a hypothetical 10% change in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to applicable foreign currency exchange rates, with all other variables held constant. The foreign currency exchange rates we used in performing the sensitivity analysis were based on market rates in effect at each respective date. The sensitivity analyses indicated that a hypothetical 10% decrease in the value of the U.S. dollar would result in a decrease to the fair value of our foreign currency forward exchange contracts of $213.1 million and $18.3 million as of December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively, while a hypothetical 10% increase in the value of the U.S. dollar would result in an increase to the fair value of our foreign currency forward exchange contracts of $219.4 million and $12.7 million as of December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively.51Table of ContentsWe actively monitor our foreign currency risks, but our foreign currency hedging activities may not substantially offset the impact of fluctuations in currency exchange rates on our results of operations, cash flows and financial position.Interest Rate RiskOur exposure to market risk for changes in interest rates relates primarily to our portfolio of cash, cash equivalents, investments in debt securities and any balances outstanding on our 2024 Credit Facility. We are exposed to interest rate fluctuations in many of the world’s leading industrialized countries, but our interest income and expense is most sensitive to fluctuations in the general level of United States interest rates. In this regard, changes in United States interest rates affect the interest earned on our cash and cash equivalents and the costs associated with foreign currency hedges. All highly liquid securities with a maturity of three months or less at the date of purchase are considered to be cash equivalents. The carrying value of our interest-bearing instruments approximated fair value as of December 31, 2025.Our investments in debt securities had a fair value of approximately $71.0 million and $50.3 million as of December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively, that may decline in value if market interest rates rise. As of December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, an increase in the market rates of interest of 1% would result in a decrease in the fair values of our marketable debt securities by approximately $2.8 million and $2.0 million, respectively.Interest rates under our 2024 Credit Facility are variable, so interest expense could be adversely affected by increases in interest rates, particularly for periods when we maintain an outstanding balance. As of December 31, 2025, there were no borrowings outstanding under our 2024 Credit Facility.Interest rates for our 2024 Credit Facility can fluctuate based on changes in market interest rates and in interest rate margins that vary based on the credit ratings of our unsecured debt. Assuming our 2024 Credit Facility was fully drawn and we were to fully exercise our right to increase borrowing capacity under our 2024 Credit Facility, each quarter point change in interest rates would result in a $4.4 million change in annual interest expense on our indebtedness under our 2024 Credit Facility. For an additional description of the 2024 Credit Facility, see Note 5 in the notes to consolidated financial statements.Equity Price RiskEquity InvestmentsWe have a portfolio of equity investments that includes marketable equity securities and non-marketable investments. Our equity investments are made primarily in connection with our strategic investment program. Under our strategic investment program, from time to time, we make cash investments in companies with technologies that are potentially strategically important to us. See Note 14 in the notes to consolidated financial statements for an additional description of these investments.