# Management's Discussion and Analysis (Item 7)

*Filing:* 10-K 2025-09-03 (accession 0000896878-25-000035)
*Length:* 67,264 chars  *Confidence:* high

---

ITEM 7 - MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONSManagement’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (MD&A) is intended to provide readers of our consolidated financial statements with the perspectives of management. This should allow the readers of this report to obtain a comprehensive understanding of our businesses, strategies, current trends, and future prospects. Our MD&A includes the following sections:• Executive Overview: High-level discussion of our operating results and some of the trends that affect our business.• Critical Accounting Estimates: Policies and estimates that we believe are important to understanding the assumptions and judgments underlying our financial statements.• Results of Operations: A more detailed discussion of our revenue and expenses.• Liquidity and Capital Resources: Discussion of key aspects of our consolidated statements of cash flows, changes in our consolidated balance sheets, and our financial commitments.You should note that this MD&A contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Please see the section entitled “Forward-Looking Statements” immediately preceding Part I of this Annual Report for important information to consider when evaluating such statements.You should read this MD&A in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes in Item 8 of this Annual Report.In the Results of Operations sections of this MD&A, where we describe two or more factors that contributed to changes in revenue and operating income, we have, where possible, quantified the impact of those factors. Where a change is the result of multiple factors that are interrelated and cannot be separately quantified, we have identified the interrelated factors without quantifying them.In July 2024, our management approved, committed to, and initiated a plan of reorganization (the Plan) focused on reallocating resources to our key growth areas. The Plan included the exit of employees and the closing of real estate sites in certain markets to support growing technology teams and capabilities in strategic locations. The actions associated with the Plan were substantially complete in the first quarter of fiscal 2025. Total restructuring costs associated with the Plan were $238 million. During the twelve months ended July 31, 2025 and 2024, we recorded charges in connection with the Plan of $15 million and $223 million, respectively. These charges are primarily related to severance and employee benefits and are recorded to restructuring in our consolidated statements of operations. See Note 15 to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report for more information.On August 1, 2024, we renamed our Small Business & Self-Employed segment as the Global Business Solutions segment. This new name better aligns with the global reach of the Mailchimp and QuickBooks platform, our focus on serving both small and mid-market businesses, and our vision to become the all-in-one platform that customers use to grow and run their business.On August 1, 2024, we reorganized certain technology and customer success functions in our Global Business Solutions, Consumer, and ProTax segments that support and benefit our overall platform and are managed at the corporate level rather than at the segment level. As a result of these reorganizations, costs associated with these functions are no longer included in segment operating income and are now included in other corporate expenses. For the twelve months ended July 31, 2024 and 2023, we reclassified $1.4 billion and $1.3 billion from Global Business Solutions, $573 million and $475 million from Consumer, and $33 million and $34 million from ProTax to other corporate expenses, respectively, to conform to the current presentation. See Note 14 to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report for more information.Consistent with our vision to deliver one consumer platform, effective August 1, 2025, we combined the Consumer, Credit Karma, and ProTax businesses into a single Consumer business. We will reflect this new organization in our fiscal 2026 segment reporting.EXECUTIVE OVERVIEWThis overview provides a high-level discussion of our operating results and some of the trends that affect our business. We believe that an understanding of these trends is important in order to understand our financial results for fiscal 2025, as well as our future prospects. This summary is not intended to be exhaustive, nor is it a substitute for the detailed discussion and analysis provided elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Intuit Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K33Table of ContentsIndustry Trends and SeasonalityIndustry TrendsAI, including GenAI, predictive AI, and agentic AI, is transforming multiple industries, in particular financial technology. Disruptive start-ups, emerging ecosystems, and mega-platforms are harnessing new technology to create personalized experiences, deliver data-driven insights, and increase speed of service. These shifts are creating a more dynamic and highly competitive environment where customer expectations are shifting around the world as more services become digitized and the array of choices continues to increase.SeasonalityOur Consumer and ProTax offerings have a significant and distinct seasonal pattern as sales and revenue from our income tax preparation products and services are typically heavily concentrated in the period from November through April. This seasonal pattern typically results in higher net revenues during our second and third quarters ending January 31 and April 30, respectively. We expect the seasonality of our Consumer and ProTax businesses to continue to have a material impact on our quarterly financial results in the future.Key Challenges and RisksOur growth strategy depends upon our ability to innovate, develop, and introduce emerging technologies, including AI and GenAI, to drive broad adoption of our products and services and enter new markets. Our future growth also increasingly depends on the strength of our third-party business relationships and our ability to continue to develop, maintain, and strengthen new and existing relationships. To remain competitive and continue to grow, we are investing significant resources in our product development, marketing, and sales capabilities, and we expect to continue to do so in the future. Much of our future success also depends on our ability to continue to attract, retain, and develop highly skilled employees, including those in technical and leadership roles who are critical to our strategic growth, in a highly competitive talent environment.As we offer more online services, the ongoing operation and availability of our platforms and systems and those of our external service providers is becoming increasingly important. Because we help customers manage their financial lives, we face risks associated with the hosting, collection, use, and retention of personal customer information and data. We are investing significant management attention and resources in our information technology infrastructure and in our privacy and security capabilities, and we expect to continue to do so in the future.We operate in industries that are experiencing an increasing amount of fraudulent activities by malicious third parties, and those fraudulent activities are becoming increasingly sophisticated, including through the use of AI. We implement additional security measures, and we continue to work with state and federal governments to implement industry-wide security and anti-fraud measures, including sharing information regarding suspicious activity. We continue to invest in security measures and to work with the broader industry and government to protect our customers against this type of fraud.Our operations are impacted by a rapidly-evolving regulatory environment and face increasingly heightened scrutiny. We are subject to numerous federal, state, and local, as well as foreign laws and regulations covering a broad and increasing range of subjects, both in the United States (U.S.) and internationally. For a complete discussion of the most significant risks and uncertainties affecting our business, please see “Forward-Looking Statements” immediately preceding Part I and “Risk Factors” in Item 1A of Part I of this Annual Report.34 Intuit Fiscal 2025 Form 10-KTable of ContentsOverview of Financial ResultsThe most important financial indicators that we use to assess our business are revenue growth for the company as a whole and for each reportable segment; operating income growth for the company as a whole; earnings per share; and cash flow from operations. We also track certain non-financial drivers of revenue growth and, when material, identify them in the applicable discussions of segment results below. Service offerings are a significant part of our business. Our total service revenue was $16.4 billion, or 87% of our total revenue in fiscal 2025, and we expect our total service revenue as a percentage of our total revenue to grow over the long term.Key highlights for fiscal 2025 include the following:Revenue ofGlobal Business Solutions revenue ofConsumer revenue of$18.8 B$11.1 B$4.9 Bup 16% from fiscal 2024up 16% from fiscal 2024up 10% from fiscal 2024Credit Karma revenue of ProTax revenue ofOperating income of$2.3 B$621 M$4.9 Bup 32% from fiscal 2024up 4% from fiscal 2024up 36% from fiscal 2024Net income ofDiluted net income per share ofCash flow from operations of$3.9 B$13.67$6.2 Bup 31% from fiscal 2024up 31% from fiscal 2024up 27% from fiscal 2024CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATESIn preparing our consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), we are required to make estimates, assumptions, and judgments that can have a material impact on our net revenue, operating income or loss, and net income or loss, as well as on the value of certain assets and liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets. Actual results could differ materially from our estimates. Critical accounting estimates are those estimates that involve a significant level of estimations and uncertainty and have had, or are reasonably likely to have, a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations. We believe that the estimates, assumptions, and judgments involved in the following accounting policies have the greatest potential impact on our consolidated financial statements, so we consider these to be our critical accounting estimates: •Revenue Recognition•Goodwill, Acquired Intangible Assets, and Other Long-Lived Assets – Impairment Assessments•Legal Contingencies•Accounting for Income Taxes – Estimates of Deferred Taxes, Valuation Allowances, and Uncertain Tax PositionsOur senior management has reviewed the development and selection of these critical accounting estimates and their disclosure in this Annual Report on Form 10-K with the Audit and Risk Committee of our Board of Directors. For further information on all of our significant accounting policies, see Note 1, “Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies” to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report. Intuit Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K35Table of ContentsRevenue RecognitionWe derive our revenue primarily from the sale of online services such as tax, accounting, payroll, merchant payment processing services, delivery of qualified links, marketing automation, live expert advice, financing for small and mid-market businesses, and desktop software products, desktop software subscriptions, and financial supplies. Our contracts with customers often include promises to transfer multiple products and services, which are primarily recognized ratably over the relevant period or when the customer consumes the related service. In determining how revenue should be recognized, a five-step process is used, which requires judgment and estimates within the revenue recognition process. The primary judgments include identifying the performance obligations in the contract and determining whether the performance obligations are distinct. If any of these judgments were to change, it could cause a material increase or decrease in the amount of revenue we report in a particular period. For additional information, see “Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies – Revenue Recognition” in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report.Goodwill, Acquired Intangible Assets, and Other Long-Lived Assets – Impairment AssessmentsWe estimate the fair value of acquired intangible assets and other long-lived assets that have finite useful lives whenever an event or change in circumstances indicates that the carrying value of the asset may not be recoverable. We test for potential impairment of goodwill annually in our fourth fiscal quarter or whenever indicators of impairment arise. The timing of the annual test may result in charges to our consolidated statements of operations in our fourth fiscal quarter that could not have been reasonably foreseen in prior periods.As described in “Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies – Goodwill, Acquired Intangible Assets and Other Long-Lived Assets” in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report, in order to estimate the fair value of goodwill, we use a weighted combination of a discounted cash flow model (known as the income approach) and comparisons to publicly traded companies engaged in similar businesses (known as the market approach). The income approach requires us to use a number of assumptions, including market factors specific to the business, the amount and timing of estimated future cash flows to be generated by the business over an extended period of time, long-term growth rates for the business, and a rate of return that considers the relative risk of achieving the cash flows and the time value of money. We evaluate cash flows at the reporting unit level. Although the assumptions we use in our discounted cash flow model are consistent with the assumptions we use to generate our internal strategic plans and forecasts, significant judgment is required to estimate the amount and timing of future cash flows from each reporting unit and the relative risk of achieving those cash flows. When using the market approach, we make judgments about the comparability of publicly traded companies engaged in similar businesses. We base our judgments on factors such as size, growth rates, profitability, risk, and return on investment. We also make judgments when adjusting market multiples of revenue, operating income, and earnings for these companies to reflect their relative similarity to our own businesses. See Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report for a summary of goodwill by reportable segment.We estimate the recoverability of acquired intangible assets and other long-lived assets that have finite useful lives by comparing the carrying amount of the asset to the future undiscounted cash flows that we expect the asset to generate. In order to estimate the fair value of those assets, we estimate the present value of future cash flows from those assets. The key assumptions that we use in our discounted cash flow model are the amount and timing of estimated future cash flows to be generated by the asset over an extended period of time and a rate of return that considers the relative risk of achieving the cash flows and the time value of money. Significant judgment is required to estimate the amount and timing of future cash flows and the relative risk of achieving those cash flows. We also make judgments about the remaining useful lives of acquired intangible assets and other long-lived assets that have finite lives. See Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report for a summary of cost, accumulated amortization, and weighted-average life in years for our acquired intangible assets.Assumptions and estimates about future values and remaining useful lives are complex and often subjective. They can be affected by a variety of factors, including external factors such as industry and economic trends, and internal factors such as changes in our business strategy and our internal forecasts. For example, if our future operating results do not meet current forecasts or if we experience a sustained decline in our market capitalization that is determined to be indicative of a reduction in fair value of one or more of our reporting units, we may be required to record future impairment charges for goodwill and acquired intangible assets. Impairment charges could materially decrease our future net income and result in lower asset values on our consolidated balance sheets.During the fourth quarters of fiscal 2025, fiscal 2024, and fiscal 2023, we performed our annual goodwill impairment tests. Using the methodology described in “Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies – Goodwill, Acquired Intangible Assets and Other Long-Lived Assets,” in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report, we determined that the estimated fair values of all of our reporting units substantially exceeded their carrying values and that they were not impaired.Legal ContingenciesWe are subject to certain legal proceedings, as well as demands, claims, and threatened litigation that arise in the normal course of our business. We review the status of each significant matter quarterly and assess our potential financial exposure. If the potential loss from any claim or legal proceeding is considered probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated, we 36 Intuit Fiscal 2025 Form 10-KTable of Contentsrecord a liability and an expense for the estimated loss. If we determine that a loss is reasonably possible and the range of the loss can be reasonably determined, then we disclose the range of the possible loss. Significant judgment is required in the determination of whether a potential loss is probable, reasonably possible, or remote, as well as in the determination of whether a potential exposure is reasonably estimable. Our accruals are based on the best information available at the time. As additional information becomes available, we reassess the potential liability related to our pending claims and legal proceedings and may revise our estimates. Potential legal liabilities and the revision of estimates of potential legal liabilities could have a material impact on our financial position and results of operations. See Note 13 to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report for more information.Accounting for Income Taxes – Estimates of Deferred Taxes, Valuation Allowances, and Uncertain Tax PositionsWe estimate our income taxes based on the various jurisdictions where we conduct business. Significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide income tax provision. The calculation of our tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax rules and the potential for future adjustment of our uncertain tax positions by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service or other taxing jurisdictions. We estimate our current tax liability and assess temporary differences that result from differing treatments of certain items for tax and accounting purposes. These differences result in deferred tax assets and liabilities, which we show on our consolidated balance sheets. We must then assess the likelihood that our deferred tax assets will be realized. To the extent we believe that realization is not likely, we establish a valuation allowance. When we establish a valuation allowance or increase this allowance in an accounting period, we record a corresponding tax expense in our consolidated statements of operations.We record a valuation allowance to reflect uncertainties about whether we will be able to utilize our deferred tax assets before they expire. We assess the need for an adjustment to the valuation allowance on a quarterly basis. The assessment is based on our estimates of future sources of taxable income in the jurisdictions in which we operate and the periods over which our deferred tax assets will be realizable. While we have considered future taxable income in assessing the need for a valuation allowance for the periods presented, we could in the future be required to increase the valuation allowance to take into account additional deferred tax assets that we may be unable to realize. An increase in the valuation allowance could have an adverse impact on our income tax provision and net income in the period in which we record the change.We recognize and measure benefits for uncertain tax positions using a two-step approach. The first step is to evaluate the tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return by determining if the weight of available evidence indicates that it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained upon audit, including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes. For tax positions that are more likely than not of being sustained upon audit, the second step is to measure the tax benefit as the largest amount that is more than 50% likely of being realized upon settlement. Significant judgment is required to evaluate uncertain tax positions. We evaluate our uncertain tax positions on a quarterly basis. Our evaluations are based upon a number of factors, including changes in facts or circumstances, changes in tax law, correspondence with tax authorities during the course of audits, and effective settlement of audit issues. Changes in the recognition or measurement of uncertain tax positions could result in material increases or decreases in our income tax expense in the period in which we make the change, which could have a material impact on our effective tax rate and operating results. See Note 10 to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report for more information. Intuit Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K37Table of ContentsRESULTS OF OPERATIONSA discussion regarding our financial condition and results of operations for fiscal 2025 compared to fiscal 2024 is presented below. A discussion regarding our financial condition and results of operations for fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023 can be found under Item 7 of Part II in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2024, filed with the SEC on September 4, 2024, which is available free of charge on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov and on the Investor Relations section of our corporate website at investors.intuit.com.Financial Overview(Dollars in millions, except per share amounts)Fiscal 2025Fiscal 2024Fiscal 20232025-2024% Change2024-2023% ChangeTotal net revenue$18,831 $16,285 $14,368 16%13%Operating income4,923 3,630 3,141 36%16%Net income3,869 2,963 2,384 31%24%Diluted net income per share$13.67 $10.43 $8.42 31%24%Total net revenue increased $2.5 billion, or 16%, in fiscal 2025 compared with fiscal 2024. Global Business Solutions segment revenue increased 16% due to growth in our Online Ecosystem revenue. Credit Karma revenue increased 32% due to strength in our personal loan, credit card, and auto insurance verticals. Consumer segment revenue increased 10% due to growth in our higher-priced and additional service offerings, such as TurboTax Live and our early tax refund offerings. See “Segment Results” later in this Item 7 for more information.Operating income increased $1.3 billion, or 36%, in fiscal 2025 compared with fiscal 2024. The increase in operating income was due to the increase in revenue described above partially offset by an increase in expenses. Expenses increased due to increases in marketing, staffing, outside services, and sales-related expenses partially offset by a decrease in restructuring expenses. See “Operating Expenses” later in this Item 7 for more information. See Note 15 to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report for more information on our restructuring charges.Net income increased $906 million, or 31%, in fiscal 2025 compared with fiscal 2024. The increase in net income was due to the increase in operating income described above, partially offset by an increase in income tax expense. The increase in income tax expense is due to the increase in operating income described above and a decrease in excess tax benefits related to share-based compensation. Diluted net income per share increased 31% to $13.67 for fiscal 2025, in line with the increase in net income.Segment ResultsThe information below is organized in accordance with our four reportable segments. All of our segments operate and sell to customers primarily in the U.S. Total international net revenue was approximately 8% of consolidated total net revenue in each of the twelve months ended July 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023.On August 1, 2024, we renamed our Small Business & Self-Employed segment as the Global Business Solutions segment. This new name better aligns with the global reach of the Mailchimp and QuickBooks platform, our focus on serving both small and mid-market businesses, and our vision to become the all-in-one platform that customers use to grow and run their business. On August 1, 2024, we reorganized certain technology and customer success functions in our Global Business Solutions, Consumer, and ProTax segments that support and benefit our overall platform and are managed at the corporate level rather than at the segment level. As a result of these reorganizations, costs associated with these functions are no longer included in segment operating income and are now included in other corporate expenses. For the twelve months ended July 31, 2024 and 2023, we reclassified $1.4 billion and $1.3 billion from Global Business Solutions, $573 million and $475 million from Consumer, and $33 million and $34 million from ProTax to other corporate expenses, respectively, to conform to the current presentation.Segment operating income is segment net revenue less segment cost of revenue and operating expenses. We include expenses such as corporate selling and marketing, general and administrative, and non-employment related legal and litigation settlement costs, which are not allocated to specific segments, in unallocated corporate items as part of other corporate expenses. As part of our platform strategy, we also include customer success and product development for our Global Business Solutions, Consumer, and ProTax segments in unallocated corporate items as we do not allocate these expenses to the segments because they are managed at the platform level. Customer success includes the costs of tax and bookkeeping experts that support our TurboTax Live and QuickBooks Live offerings. For our Credit Karma reportable segment, segment expenses include certain direct expenses related to selling and marketing, product development, and general and administrative. Unallocated corporate items for all segments include share-based compensation, amortization of acquired technology, amortization of other acquired intangible assets, goodwill and intangible asset impairment charges, professional fees and transaction charges related to business combinations, and restructuring charges. These unallocated 38 Intuit Fiscal 2025 Form 10-KTable of Contentscorporate costs for all segments totaled $8.7 billion in fiscal 2025, $8.0 billion in fiscal 2024, and $7.0 billion in fiscal 2023. Unallocated corporate items increased in fiscal 2025 compared with fiscal 2024 due to increases in cost of service revenue, research and development expense, and general and administrative expense, partially offset by a decrease in restructuring costs. See Note 14 to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report for reconciliations of total segment operating income to consolidated operating income for each fiscal year presented. Intuit Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K39Table of Contents Global Business SolutionsGlobal Business Solutions segment revenue includes both Online Ecosystem and Desktop Ecosystem revenue.Our Online Ecosystem includes revenue from:•QuickBooks Online and Intuit Enterprise Suite financial and business management offerings;•QuickBooks Live;•Workforce solutions, including QuickBooks Online Payroll and QuickBooks Time;•Money offerings for businesses that use online offerings, which include merchant payment processing and bill pay services, and financing for small and mid-market businesses (QuickBooks Capital);•Mailchimp’s marketing automation offerings; and•QuickBooks Checking. Our Desktop Ecosystem includes revenue from:•QuickBooks Desktop software subscriptions (QuickBooks Desktop Plus, QuickBooks Enterprise, and ProAdvisor Program memberships for the accounting professionals who serve small businesses);•Desktop workforce solutions, including payroll products);•Money offerings for businesses that use desktop offerings, which include merchant payment processing services and financing for small and mid-market businesses (QuickBooks Capital); and•Financial supplies.Segment service revenue is primarily derived from our Online Ecosystem revenue and revenue from the services, support, and when-and-if-available product upgrades and enhancements that are provided as part of our QuickBooks Desktop subscriptions; services and support for our desktop payroll offerings, and merchant payment processing services. Segment product and other revenue is primarily derived from revenue related to delivery of software licenses, version protection updates, and payroll software updates for our QuickBooks Desktop subscriptions and desktop payroll offerings, which are part of our Desktop Ecosystem. (Dollars in millions)Fiscal 2025Fiscal 2024Fiscal 20232025-2024% Change2024-2023% ChangeService revenue$9,325 $7,792 $6,641 Product and other revenue1,752 1,741 1,397 Total segment revenue$11,077 $9,533 $8,038 16%19%% of total revenue59%59%56%Segment operating income$8,467 $7,157 $5,900 18%21%% of related revenue76%75%73% 40 Intuit Fiscal 2025 Form 10-KTable of ContentsRevenue classified by significant service and product offerings was as follows:(Dollars in millions)Fiscal 2025Fiscal 2024Fiscal 20232025-2024% Change2024-2023% ChangeNet revenue: QuickBooks Online Accounting$4,120 $3,379 $2,849 22%19%Online Services4,182 3,513 2,910 19%21%Total Online Ecosystem8,302 6,892 5,759 20%20%QuickBooks Desktop Accounting1,672 1,575 1,211 6%30%Desktop Services and Supplies1,103 1,066 1,068 3%—%Total Desktop Ecosystem2,775 2,641 2,279 5%16%Total Global Business Solutions$11,077 $9,533 $8,038 16%19%Revenue for our Global Business Solutions segment increased $1.5 billion, or 16%, in fiscal 2025 compared with fiscal 2024. The increase was due to growth in Online Ecosystem revenue, which contributed to $1.4 billion of the increase for fiscal 2025.Online EcosystemOnline Ecosystem revenue increased $1.4 billion, or 20%, in fiscal 2025 compared with fiscal 2024. QuickBooks Online Accounting revenue increased $741 million, or 22%, in fiscal 2025 compared with fiscal 2024 due to the interrelated factors of higher effective prices, customer growth, and mix-shift. Online Services revenue increased $669 million, or 19%, in fiscal 2025 compared with fiscal 2024 due to increases in revenue from our money offerings of $379 million, our payroll offerings of $279 million, and Mailchimp of $20 million. Revenue increases were due to the interrelated factors described below. Money revenue increased $379 million due to a $242 million increase in payments revenue from payments customer growth, an increase in total payment volume per customer, and higher effective payments prices, and due to a $137 million increase from QuickBooks Capital. Online payroll revenue increased due to customer growth, mix-shift, and higher effective prices. Mailchimp revenue increased due to higher effective prices.Online Ecosystem average revenue per customer, which we define as total online ecosystem revenue divided by the average number of online paying customers, increased 14% for fiscal 2025 compared with fiscal 2024. Online ecosystem paying customers, which we define as the sum of all QuickBooks Online customers, QuickBooks Time customers, Mailchimp paying customers, and customers who subscribe to standalone services outside of QuickBooks Online, increased 5% as of July 31, 2025 compared with July 31, 2024.Desktop EcosystemDesktop Ecosystem revenue increased $134 million, or 5%, in fiscal 2025 compared with fiscal 2024. The increase was due to higher effective prices and changes we made to our QuickBooks desktop offerings beginning in early fiscal 2024 to complete the transition to a recurring subscription model, which more closely aligns our Desktop license and related product updates to our Desktop subscription billing model.Global Business Solutions segment operating income increased $1.3 billion, or 18%, in fiscal 2025 compared with fiscal 2024 due to the increase in revenue described above, partially offset by increases in staffing expenses of $59 million, marketing expenses of $45 million, QuickBooks Capital cost of revenue of $42 million due to increased loan volume, online payments cost of revenue of $41 million due to an increase in payments volume, and sales-related expenses of $22 million.In August 2024, we reorganized certain technology and customer success functions that support and benefit the overall platform and are managed at the corporate level rather than at the segment level. As a result, these costs are no longer included in segment operating income and are now included in other corporate expenses. For the twelve months ended July 31, 2024 and 2023, we reclassified $1.4 billion and $1.3 billion, respectively, from Global Business Solutions to other corporate expenses to conform to the current presentation. Intuit Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K41Table of Contents Consumer Consumer segment service revenue is derived primarily from TurboTax Online and TurboTax Live offerings, electronic tax filing services, and connected services.Consumer segment product and other revenue is derived primarily from TurboTax desktop tax return preparation software and related form updates.(Dollars in millions)Fiscal 2025Fiscal 2024Fiscal 20232025-2024% Change2024-2023% ChangeService revenue$4,649 $4,214 $3,915 Product and other revenue221 231 220 Total segment revenue$4,870 $4,445 $4,135 10%7%% of total revenue26 %27 %29 %Segment operating income$3,786 $3,493 $3,350 8%4%% of related revenue78 %79 %81 % Revenue for our Consumer segment increased $425 million, or 10%, in fiscal 2025 compared with fiscal 2024 due to growth in our higher-priced and additional service offerings, such as TurboTax Live and our early tax refund offerings.Consumer segment operating income increased $293 million, or 8%, in fiscal 2025 compared with fiscal 2024 due to the increase in revenue described above, partially offset by an increase in marketing expenses of $132 million.In August 2024, we reorganized certain technology and customer success functions that support and benefit the overall platform and are managed at the corporate level rather than at the segment level. As a result, these costs are no longer included in segment operating income and are now included in other corporate expenses. For the twelve months ended July 31, 2024 and 2023, we reclassified $573 million and $475 million, respectively, from Consumer to other corporate expenses to conform to the current presentation.42 Intuit Fiscal 2025 Form 10-KTable of Contents Credit KarmaCredit Karma segment revenue is primarily derived from cost-per-action transactions, which include the delivery of qualified links that result in completed actions such as credit card issuances and personal loan funding; cost-per-click and cost-per-lead transactions, which include user clicks on advertisements or advertisements that allow for the generation of leads, and primarily relate to mortgage and insurance businesses; and Credit Karma Money.(Dollars in millions)Fiscal 2025Fiscal 2024Fiscal 20232025-2024% Change2024-2023% ChangeService revenue$2,263 $1,708 $1,634 Product and other revenue— — — Total segment revenue$2,263 $1,708 $1,634 32%5%% of total revenue12 %10 %11 %Segment operating income$835 $414 $428 102%(3%)% of related revenue37 %24 %26 % Revenue for our Credit Karma segment increased $555 million, or 32%, in fiscal 2025 compared with fiscal 2024 due to increases in revenue from our personal loan vertical of $221 million, our credit card vertical of $213 million, and our auto insurance vertical of $99 million.Credit Karma segment operating income increased $421 million, or 102%, in fiscal 2025 compared with fiscal 2024 due to the increase in revenue described above, partially offset by an increase in marketing expenses of $120 million. Intuit Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K43Table of Contents ProTaxProTax segment service revenue is derived primarily from ProConnect Tax Online tax products, electronic tax filing services, connected services, and bank products.ProTax segment product and other revenue is derived primarily from Lacerte, ProSeries, and ProFile desktop tax preparation software products, and related form updates.(Dollars in millions)Fiscal 2025Fiscal 2024Fiscal 20232025-2024% Change2024-2023% ChangeService revenue$163 $147 $127 Product and other revenue458 452 434 Total segment revenue$621 $599 $561 4%7%% of total revenue3 %4 %4 %Segment operating income$533 $520 $489 3%6%% of related revenue86 %87 %87 % Revenue for our ProTax segment increased $22 million, or 4%, in fiscal 2025 compared with fiscal 2024 due to higher average revenue per customer.ProTax segment operating income increased $13 million, or 3%, in fiscal 2025 compared with fiscal 2024 due to the increase in revenue described above, partially offset by an increase in marketing expenses of $6 million.In August 2024, we reorganized certain technology and customer success functions that support and benefit the overall platform and are managed at the corporate level rather than at the segment level. As a result, these costs are no longer included in segment operating income and are now included in other corporate expenses. For the twelve months ended July 31, 2024 and 2023, we reclassified $33 million and $34 million, respectively, from ProTax to other corporate expenses to conform to the current presentation.44 Intuit Fiscal 2025 Form 10-KTable of ContentsCost of Revenue(Dollars in millions)Fiscal 2025% of RelatedRevenueFiscal 2024% of RelatedRevenueFiscal 2023% of RelatedRevenueCost of service revenue$3,624 22%$3,250 23%$2,908 24%Cost of product and other revenue68 3%69 3%72 4%Amortization of acquired technology156 N/A146 N/A163 N/ATotal cost of revenue$3,848 20%$3,465 21%$3,143 22%Our cost of revenue has three components: (1) cost of service revenue, which includes the direct costs associated with our online and service offerings, such as staffing costs for ongoing production support, customer support, and tax and bookkeeping experts that support our TurboTax Live and QuickBooks Live offerings, costs for data processing and storage capabilities from cloud providers, and costs related to credit score providers; (2) cost of product and other revenue, which includes the direct costs of manufacturing and shipping or electronically downloading our desktop software and financial supplies products; and (3) amortization of acquired technology, which represents the cost of amortizing developed technologies that we have obtained through acquisitions, over their useful lives.Cost of service revenue as a percentage of service revenue was relatively consistent in fiscal 2025 compared to fiscal 2024.Cost of product and other revenue as a percentage of product and other revenue was flat in fiscal 2025 compared with fiscal 2024. Costs of product and other revenue are expensed as incurred, and we do not defer any of these costs when product and other revenue is deferred.Operating Expenses(Dollars in millions)Fiscal 2025% ofTotalNet RevenueFiscal 2024% ofTotalNet RevenueFiscal 2023% ofTotalNet RevenueSelling and marketing$5,035 27%$4,312 26%$3,762 26%Research and development2,928 15%2,754 17%2,539 18%General and administrative1,601 8%1,418 9%1,300 9%Amortization of other acquired intangible assets481 3%483 3%483 3%Restructuring15 —%223 1%— —%Total operating expenses$10,060 53%$9,190 56%$8,084 56%Total operating expenses as a percentage of total net revenue decreased in fiscal 2025 compared to fiscal 2024. Total net revenue increased $2.5 billion, or 16%, and total operating expenses increased $870 million, or 9%. The increase in total operating expenses was due to increases of $410 million for marketing expenses, $300 million for staffing expenses, $161 million for outside services, and $52 million for sales-related expenses, partially offset by a $208 million decrease in restructuring charges. See Note 15 to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report for more information regarding restructuring charges.Non-Operating Income and ExpensesInterest ExpenseInterest expense of $247 million in fiscal 2025 consisted of interest on our senior unsecured notes, unsecured revolving credit facility, and commercial paper program. Interest expense of $242 million in fiscal 2024 consisted of interest on our senior unsecured notes and unsecured term loan. Intuit Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K45Table of ContentsInterest and Other Income, Net(In millions)Fiscal 2025Fiscal 2024Fiscal 2023Interest income (1)$175 $147 $106 Net gain on executive deferred compensation plan assets (2)24 24 12 Other (3)(41)(9)(22)Total interest and other income, net$158 $162 $96 (1) Interest income increased in fiscal 2025 compared to fiscal 2024 due to higher average investable balances.(2) In accordance with authoritative guidance, we record gains and losses associated with executive deferred compensation plan assets in interest and other income, and gains and losses associated with the related liabilities in operating expenses. The total amounts recorded in operating expenses for each period are approximately equal to the total amounts recorded in interest and other income in those periods.(3) During fiscal 2025, we recorded $51 million in net losses on long-term investments.Income TaxesOur effective tax rate for fiscal 2025 was approximately 20%. Excluding certain tax benefits primarily related to share-based compensation, our effective tax rate was approximately 24%. This rate differed from the federal statutory rate of 21% primarily due to state income taxes and non-deductible share-based compensation, which were partially offset by the benefit we received from the federal research and experimentation credit. Our effective tax rate for fiscal 2024 was approximately 17%. Excluding certain tax benefits primarily related to share-based compensation, our effective tax rate was approximately 24%. This rate differed from the federal statutory rate of 21% primarily due to state income taxes and non-deductible share-based compensation, which were partially offset by the benefit we received from the federal research and experimentation credit. See Note 10 to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report for more information about our effective tax rates.At July 31, 2025, we had net deferred tax assets of $1.2 billion, which included a valuation allowance for California net deferred tax assets primarily related to state research and experimentation tax credit carryforwards. We have also provided a valuation allowance on other non-California state operating loss and foreign operating loss carryforwards. See “Critical Accounting Estimates” earlier in this Item 7 and Note 10 to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report for more information. On July 4, 2025, the U.S. federal government enacted the One Big Beautiful Bill Act (OBBBA), which includes significant tax changes, most notably the reinstatement of the immediate expensing of domestic research and developmental expenditures, effective in fiscal 2026. The deductibility of these expenditures is expected to significantly reduce our deferred tax assets and income tax payable for periods starting in fiscal 2026.The OBBBA has multiple effective dates from fiscal 2025 through fiscal 2027. The provisions effective during fiscal 2025 did not have a significant impact on our fiscal 2025 consolidated financial statements. We are currently assessing all applicable provisions of the legislation and their impact on our consolidated financial statements for fiscal 2026 and beyond.In 2021, the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) announced Pillar Two Model Rules, which call for the taxation of large multinational corporations at a minimum rate of 15%. The currently enacted Pillar Two Model Rules did not have any impact on our provision for income taxes and are not expected to have any significant impact on future years’ provisions for income taxes. We continue to monitor developments and evaluate impacts, if any, of these provisions on our results of operations and cash flows for future years.In the current global tax policy environment, the U.S. and other domestic and foreign governments continue to consider, and in some cases enact, changes in corporate tax laws. As changes occur, we account for finalized legislation in the period of enactment.46 Intuit Fiscal 2025 Form 10-KTable of ContentsLIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCESOverviewAt July 31, 2025, our cash, cash equivalents, and investments totaled $4.6 billion, an increase of $478 million from July 31, 2024, driven by cash from operations partially offset by cash used in financing and investing activities. See the discussion of all factors described in “Statements of Cash Flows” below. Our primary sources of liquidity have been cash from operations, which primarily includes the collection of accounts receivable for products and services, the issuance of senior unsecured notes and commercial paper, and borrowings under our credit facilities. Our primary uses of cash have been for research and development programs, selling and marketing activities, acquisitions of businesses, repurchases of our common stock under our stock repurchase programs, the payment of cash dividends, debt service costs and debt repayment, capital projects, and funding of our financing for small and mid-market businesses and early tax refund offerings. As discussed in “Executive Overview – Industry Trends and Seasonality” earlier in this Item 7, our business is subject to significant seasonality. The balance of our cash, cash equivalents, and investments generally fluctuates with that seasonal pattern. We believe the seasonality of our business is likely to continue in the future.The following table summarizes selected measures of our liquidity and capital resources at the dates indicated:(Dollars in millions)July 31,2025July 31,2024$Change%ChangeCash, cash equivalents, and investments$4,552 $4,074 $478 12 %Long-term investments94 131 (37)(28)%Short-term debt— 499 (499)(100)%Long-term debt5,973 5,539 434 8 %Working capital3,737 2,187 1,550 71 %Ratio of current assets to current liabilities1.4 : 11.3 : 1We have historically generated significant cash from operations, and we expect to continue to do so during fiscal 2026. Our cash, cash equivalents, and investments totaled $4.6 billion at July 31, 2025. None of those funds were restricted, and approximately 91% of those funds were located in the U.S.Our unsecured revolving credit facility and commercial paper program are available to us for general corporate purposes. At July 31, 2025, no amounts were outstanding under the unsecured revolving credit facility or the commercial paper program. See Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report for more information.Our secured revolving credit facilities are available to fund the lending products and services we offer to qualified small and mid-market businesses. At July 31, 2025, $1.0 billion was outstanding under our secured revolving credit facilities.Based on past performance and current expectations, we believe that our cash and cash equivalents, investments, cash generated from operations, borrowing capacity under our credit facilities and commercial paper program, and access to external financing will be sufficient to meet anticipated seasonal working capital needs, capital expenditure requirements, contractual obligations, commitments, debt service requirements, and other liquidity requirements associated with our operations for the next 12 months and the foreseeable future.We expect to return excess cash generated by operations to our stockholders through repurchases of our common stock and payment of cash dividends, after taking into account our operating and strategic cash needs. We evaluate, on an ongoing basis, the merits of acquiring technology or businesses, or establishing strategic relationships with and investing in other companies. Our strong liquidity profile enables us to quickly respond to these types of opportunities. Intuit Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K47Table of ContentsStatements of Cash FlowsThe following table summarizes selected items from our consolidated statements of cash flows for fiscal 2025, fiscal 2024, and fiscal 2023. See the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report for complete consolidated statements of cash flows for those periods.FiscalFiscalFiscal(In millions)202520242023Net cash provided by (used in): Operating activities$6,207 $4,884 $5,046 Investing activities(2,318)(227)(922)Financing activities(1,510)(397)(4,269)Effect of exchange rates on cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and restricted cash equivalents3 (13)— Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and restricted cash equivalents$2,382 $4,247 $(145)During fiscal 2025, we generated $6.2 billion in cash from operations. We also received $3.1 billion from the net increase in funds receivable and funds payable and amounts due to customers, $429 million from net borrowings under our secured credit facilities, and $398 million from the issuance of common stock under employee stock plans. During the same period, we used $2.8 billion for the repurchase of shares of our common stock under our stock repurchase programs, $1.2 billion for the payment of cash dividends, $1.2 billion for the net purchases of investments, $982 million for payments for employee taxes withheld upon vesting of restricted stock units, $724 million for net originations of notes receivable, $500 million for the repayment of debt, $184 million for a business acquisition, and $124 million for capital expenditures.During fiscal 2024, we generated $4.9 billion in cash from operations. We also received $4.0 billion from the issuance of unsecured senior notes, $3.4 billion from the net increase in funds receivable and funds payable and amounts due to customers, $422 million from the net sales and maturities of investments, $282 million from the issuance of common stock under employee stock plans, and $155 million from net borrowings under our secured credit facilities. During the same period, we used $4.2 billion for the repayment of debt, $2.0 billion for the repurchase of shares of our common stock under our stock repurchase programs, $1.0 billion for the payment of cash dividends, $1.0 billion for payments for employee taxes withheld upon vesting of restricted stock units, $250 million for capital expenditures, and $236 million for net originations of notes receivables. Stock Repurchase Programs and Dividends on Common StockAs described in Note 11 to the financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report, during fiscal 2025 and fiscal 2024, we continued to repurchase shares of our common stock under a series of repurchase programs that our Board of Directors has authorized. At July 31, 2025, we had authorization from our Board of Directors for up to $2.1 billion in stock repurchases. On August 19, 2025, our Board of Directors approved an increase in the authorization under the existing stock repurchase program under which we are authorized to repurchase up to an additional $3.2 billion of our common stock. We currently expect to continue repurchasing our common stock on a quarterly basis; however, future stock repurchases under the current program are at the discretion of management, and authorization of future stock repurchase programs is subject to the final determination of our Board of Directors.We have continued to pay quarterly cash dividends on shares of our outstanding common stock. During fiscal 2025, we declared cash dividends that totaled $4.16 per share of outstanding common stock, or approximately $1.2 billion. In August 2025, our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $1.20 per share of outstanding common stock payable on October 17, 2025 to stockholders of record at the close of business on October 9, 2025. We currently expect to continue to pay comparable cash dividends on a quarterly basis; however, future declarations of dividends and the establishment of future record dates and payment dates are subject to the final determination of our Board of Directors.Commitments for Senior Unsecured NotesIn June 2020, we issued $2 billion of senior unsecured notes, of which $1.0 billion is outstanding as of July 31, 2025, and is comprised of the following:•$500 million of 1.350% notes due July 2027; and•$500 million of 1.650% notes due July 2030 (together, the 2020 Notes).48 Intuit Fiscal 2025 Form 10-KTable of ContentsInterest is payable semiannually on January 15 and July 15 of each year. At July 31, 2025, our maximum commitment for interest payments was $55 million for the remaining duration of the outstanding 2020 Notes.The 2020 Notes are senior unsecured obligations of Intuit and rank equally with all existing and future unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness of Intuit and are redeemable by us at any time, subject to a make-whole premium. Upon the occurrence of change of control transactions that are accompanied by certain downgrades in the credit ratings of the 2020 Notes, we will be required to repurchase the 2020 Notes at a repurchase price equal to 101% of the aggregate outstanding principal plus any accrued and unpaid interest to but not including the date of repurchase. The indenture governing the 2020 Notes requires us to comply with certain covenants. For example, the 2020 Notes limit our ability to create certain liens and enter into sale and leaseback transactions. As of July 31, 2025, we were compliant with all covenants governing the 2020 Notes. See Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report for more information.In September 2023, we issued $4 billion of senior unsecured notes comprised of the following:•$750 million of 5.250% notes due September 2026;•$750 million of 5.125% notes due September 2028;•$1,250 million of 5.200% notes due September 2033; and•$1,250 million of 5.500% notes due September 2053 (together, the 2023 Notes).Interest is payable semiannually on March 15 and September 15 of each year. At July 31, 2025, our maximum commitment for interest payments was $2.7 billion for the remaining duration of the outstanding 2023 Notes.The 2023 Notes are senior unsecured obligations of Intuit and rank equally with all existing and future unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness of Intuit and are redeemable by us at any time, subject to a make-whole premium. The indenture governing the 2023 Notes requires us to comply with certain covenants. For example, the 2023 Notes limit our ability to create certain liens and enter into sale and leaseback transactions. As of July 31, 2025, we were compliant with all covenants governing the 2023 Notes. See Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report for more information.Credit FacilitiesUnsecured Revolving Credit FacilitiesOn February 5, 2024, we terminated our amended and restated credit agreement dated November 1, 2021 (2021 Credit Facility), and entered into a credit agreement with certain lenders providing for a $1.5 billion unsecured revolving credit facility that expires on February 5, 2029 (2024 Credit Facility).Under the 2024 Credit Facility, we may, subject to certain customary conditions, including approval of relevant lenders, on one or more occasions, increase commitments under the 2024 Credit Facility by an amount not to exceed $1 billion in the aggregate, and, on one or more occasions, extend the maturity date of the 2024 Credit Facility by one year. The 2024 Credit Facility includes a $500 million sublimit for borrowing swingline loans and a $250 million sublimit for the issuance of letters of credit. Advances under the 2024 Credit Facility accrue interest at rates equal to (a) in the case of U.S. dollar borrowings, at our election, either (i) the alternate base rate plus a margin that ranges from 0.0% to 0.125%, or (ii) the adjusted term Secured Overnight Finance Rate (SOFR) plus a margin that ranges from 0.7% to 1.125%, or (b) in the case of foreign currency borrowings, the interest benchmark for the relevant currency specified in the credit agreement plus a margin that ranges from 0.7% to 1.125%. The facility fee ranges from 0.050% to 0.125% per annum. The actual interest margins and the facility fee are based on our senior debt credit ratings.The 2024 Credit Facility includes customary affirmative and negative covenants, including a financial covenant that requires us to maintain a ratio of total gross debt to earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization (EBITDA), as defined in the agreement, of not greater than 4.00 to 1.00 as measured on a rolling twelve month basis as of the last day of each fiscal quarter. As of July 31, 2025, we were compliant with all covenants governing the 2024 Credit Facility. At July 31, 2025, no amounts were outstanding under the 2024 Credit Facility.On January 30, 2025, we entered into a credit agreement with certain lenders providing for a $4.5 billion unsecured short-term revolving credit facility (2025 Credit Facility) to fund a portion of our TurboTax early tax refund offering. We terminated the 2025 Credit Facility on March 3, 2025.Advances under the 2025 Credit Facility accrued interest at rates equal to, at our election, either (i) the alternate base rate plus a margin of 0.125%, or (ii) the adjusted daily simple SOFR or term SOFR plus a margin of 1.125%. Unused portions of the commitment accrued a fee of 0.10% per annum. Secured Revolving Credit FacilitiesOn February 19, 2019, a subsidiary of Intuit entered into a secured revolving credit facility with a lender to fund the lending products and services we offer to qualified small and mid-market businesses (the 2019 Secured Facility). The 2019 Secured Facility is non-recourse to Intuit Inc. and is secured by cash and receivables of the subsidiary, which are in excess of the amount outstanding under the 2019 Secured Facility as of July 31, 2025. We have entered into several amendments to this facility. These amendments primarily increase the facility limit, extend the commitment term and final maturity date, and update the Intuit Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K49Table of Contentsbenchmark interest rate. Under the amended 2019 Secured Facility, the facility limit is $500 million, of which $300 million is committed and $200 million is uncommitted. Advances accrue interest at adjusted daily simple SOFR plus 1.25%. Unused portions of the committed credit facility accrue a fee at a rate ranging from 0.25% to 0.75%, depending on the total unused committed balance. The commitment term is through August 31, 2027, and the final maturity date is August 31, 2028. The agreement includes certain affirmative and negative covenants, including financial covenants, that require the subsidiary to maintain specified financial ratios. As of July 31, 2025, we were compliant with all covenants governing the 2019 Secured Facility. At July 31, 2025, $440 million was outstanding under the 2019 Secured Facility and the weighted-average interest rate was 5.74%. Interest on the 2019 Secured Facility is payable monthly. On October 12, 2022, another subsidiary of Intuit entered into a secured revolving credit facility with a lender to fund the lending products and services we offer to qualified small and mid-market businesses (the 2022 Secured Facility). The 2022 Secured Facility is non-recourse to Intuit Inc. and is secured by cash and receivables of the subsidiary, which are in excess of the amount outstanding under the 2022 Secured Facility as of July 31, 2025. We have entered into several amendments to this facility. These amendments primarily extend the commitment term and final maturity date, increase the commitment amount, and reduce the interest rate. Under the amended 2022 Secured Facility, the facility limit is $500 million, of which $400 million is committed and $100 million is uncommitted. Advances accrue interest at SOFR plus 1.1%. Unused portions of the committed credit facility accrue a fee at a rate ranging from 0.2% to 0.4%, depending on the total unused committed balance. The commitment term is through April 30, 2027, and the final maturity date is May 1, 2028. The agreement includes certain affirmative and negative covenants, including financial covenants, that require the subsidiary to maintain specified financial ratios. As of July 31, 2025, we were compliant with all covenants governing the 2022 Secured Facility. At July 31, 2025, $300 million was outstanding under the 2022 Secured Facility and the weighted-average interest rate was 5.56%, which includes the fee on the unused committed portion. Interest on the 2022 Secured Facility is payable monthly.On November 1, 2024, another subsidiary of Intuit entered into a secured revolving credit facility with a lender to fund the lending products and services we offer to qualified small and mid-market businesses (the 2024 Secured Facility). The 2024 Secured Facility is non-recourse to Intuit Inc. and is secured by cash and receivables of the subsidiary, which are in excess of the amount outstanding under the 2024 Secured Facility as of July 31, 2025. We have entered into several amendments to this facility. These amendments primarily increased the commitment amount. Under the amended 2024 Secured Facility, the facility limit is $300 million, all of which is committed. Advances accrue interest at SOFR plus 1.15%. Unused portions of the committed credit facility accrue a fee at a rate ranging from 0.2% to 0.4%, depending on the total unused committed balance. The commitment term is through November 1, 2027, and the final maturity date is November 1, 2028. The agreement includes certain affirmative and negative covenants, including financial covenants that require the subsidiary to maintain specified financial ratios. As of July 31, 2025, we were compliant with all covenants governing the 2024 Secured Facility. At July 31, 2025, $274 million was outstanding under the 2024 Secured Facility and the weighted-average interest rate was 5.56%, which includes the fee on the unused committed portion. Interest on the 2024 Secured Facility is payable monthly.We monitor counterparty risk associated with the institutional lenders that are providing the secured credit facilities.Commercial Paper ProgramUnder our established commercial paper program, we may issue and sell unsecured short-term promissory notes (commercial paper) up to $1.5 billion. The maturities of the commercial paper may vary but will not exceed 397 days from the date of issuance. During the twelve months ended July 31, 2025, we temporarily increased the capacity of our commercial paper program from $1.5 billion to $2.0 billion to support our seasonal working capital needs. As of July 31, 2025, the capacity of the commercial paper program was $1.5 billion. At July 31, 2025 and July 31, 2024, no amounts were outstanding under this program.Cash Held by Foreign SubsidiariesOur cash, cash equivalents, and investments totaled $4.6 billion at July 31, 2025. Approximately 9% of those funds were held by our foreign subsidiaries and subject to repatriation tax considerations. These foreign funds were located primarily in Canada, India, and the United Kingdom. We do not expect to pay incremental U.S. taxes on repatriation. We have recorded income tax expense for Canada, India, and Israel withholding taxes on earnings that are not permanently reinvested. In the event that funds from foreign operations are repatriated to the U.S., we would pay withholding taxes at that time. 50 Intuit Fiscal 2025 Form 10-KTable of ContentsCONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONSThe following table summarizes our known contractual obligations to make future payments at July 31, 2025. We generally expect to fund these short and long-term obligations with cash from operations, the issuance of senior unsecured notes, and borrowings under our credit facilities. Payments Due by Period Less than1-33-5More than (In millions)1 yearyearsyears5 yearsTotalAmounts due under executive deferred compensation plan$248 $— $— $— $248 Senior unsecured notes— 1,250 1,250 2,500 5,000 Secured revolving credit facilities— 300 714 — 1,014 Interest and fees due on debt284 499 311 1,843 2,937 Operating leases (1)78 202 198 314 792 Purchase obligations (2)808 1,606 1,298 1,180 4,892 Total contractual obligations (3)$1,418 $3,857 $3,771 $5,837 $14,883 (1)Includes operating leases for facilities and equipment. Amounts do not include $23 million of future sublease income or $133 million in minimum lease payments for leases signed but not yet commenced as of July 31, 2025. See Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report for more information.(2)Represents agreements to purchase products and services that are enforceable, legally binding, and specify terms, including: fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased; fixed, minimum, or variable price provisions; and the approximate timing of the payments. At July 31, 2025, our purchase obligations primarily represent obligations under a cloud services agreement.(3)Other long-term obligations on our consolidated balance sheet at July 31, 2025, included long-term income tax liabilities of $238 million, which related primarily to unrecognized tax benefits. We have not included this amount in the table above because we cannot make a reasonably reliable estimate regarding the timing of settlements with taxing authorities, if any.RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTSFor a description of recent accounting pronouncements, if any, and the potential impact of these pronouncements on our consolidated financial statements, see Note 1 to the financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report. Intuit Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K51Table of Contents