# Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk (Item 7A)

*Filing:* 10-K 2025-09-03 (accession 0000896878-25-000035)
*Length:* 6,841 chars  *Confidence:* high

---

ITEM 7A - QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISKInvestment Portfolio and Interest Rate RiskWe actively monitor market conditions and developments specific to the securities in which we invest. We believe that we take a conservative approach to investing our funds in that we invest only in highly-rated securities and diversify our portfolio of investments. While we believe we take prudent measures to mitigate investment-related risks, such risks cannot be fully eliminated because of market circumstances that are outside our control.Our investments consist of instruments that meet quality standards that are consistent with our investment policy. This policy specifies that, except for direct obligations of the United States (U.S.) government, securities issued by agencies of the U.S. government, and money market funds, we diversify our investments by limiting our holdings with any individual issuer. We do not hold derivative financial instruments or European sovereign debt in our portfolio of investments. See Note 2 and Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report for a summary of the amortized cost and fair value of our investments by type of issue.Our cash equivalents and investments are subject to market risk due to changes in interest rates. Interest rate movements affect the interest income we earn on cash equivalents and investments and the value of those investments. At July 31, 2025, our cash equivalents and investments totaled $3.6 billion. Total interest income for fiscal 2025 was $175 million. If the Federal Reserve Target Rate had increased by 25 basis points from the level of July 31, 2025, the value of our investments at that date would have decreased by approximately $1 million. If the Federal Reserve Target Rate had increased by 100 basis points from the level of July 31, 2025, the value of our investments at that date would have decreased by approximately $5 million.In June 2020, we issued $2 billion of senior unsecured notes (the 2020 Notes). As of July 31, 2025, $1.0 billion of the 2020 Notes remained outstanding and was comprised of the following: $500 million of 1.350% notes due in July 2027 and $500 million of 1.650% notes due in July 2030. We carry the 2020 Notes at face value, less unamortized discount and unamortized debt issuance costs on our consolidated balance sheets. Since these 2020 Notes bear interest at fixed rates, we have no financial statement risk associated with changes in interest rates. However, the fair value of the 2020 Notes fluctuates when interest rates change. See Note 2 and Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report for more information.In September 2023, we issued $4 billion of senior unsecured notes, which was comprised of the following: $750 million of 5.250% notes due in September 2026, $750 million of 5.125% notes due in September 2028, $1,250 million of 5.200% notes due in September 2033, and $1,250 million of 5.500% notes due in September 2053 (together, the 2023 Notes). We carry the 2023 Notes at face value less unamortized discount and unamortized debt issuance costs on our consolidated balance sheets. Since these 2023 Notes bear interest at fixed rates, we have no financial statement risk associated with the changes in interest rates. However, the fair value of the 2023 Notes fluctuates when interest rates change. See Note 2 and Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report for more information.On February 5, 2024, we terminated our amended and restated credit agreement dated November 1, 2021 (2021 Credit Facility), and entered into a credit agreement with certain lenders providing for a $1.5 billion unsecured revolving credit facility that expires on February 5, 2029 (2024 Credit Facility). We are exposed to the impact of changes in interest rates as they affect the 2024 Credit Facility. Advances under the 2024 Credit Facility accrue interest at rates equal to (a) in the case of U.S. dollar borrowings, at our election, either (i) the alternate base rate plus a margin that ranges from 0.0% to 0.125%, or (ii) the adjusted term Secured Overnight Finance Rate (SOFR) plus a margin that ranges from 0.7% to 1.125%, or (b) in the case of foreign currency borrowings, the interest benchmark for the relevant currency specified in the credit agreement plus a margin that ranges from 0.7% to 1.125%. Actual margins under either election are based on our senior debt credit ratings. Consequently, our interest expense fluctuates with changes in the general level of these interest rates. At July 31, 2025, no amounts were outstanding under the 2024 Credit Facility.We are also exposed to the impact of changes in interest rates as they affect our secured revolving credit facilities. Advances under the secured revolving credit facilities accrue interest at either SOFR plus 1.1%, SOFR plus 1.15%, or adjusted daily simple SOFR plus 1.25%. Consequently, our interest expense fluctuates with changes in the general level of these interest rates. At July 31, 2025, $1.0 billion was outstanding under the secured revolving credit facilities. See Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report for more information.Impact of Foreign Currency Rate ChangesThe functional currencies of our international operating subsidiaries are generally the local currencies. We translate the assets and liabilities of our foreign subsidiaries at the exchange rates in effect on the balance sheet date. We translate the revenue, costs, and expenses of our foreign subsidiaries at the average rates of exchange in effect during the period. We include translation gains and losses in the stockholders’ equity section of our consolidated balance sheets. We include net gains and losses resulting from foreign exchange transactions in interest and other income in our consolidated statements of operations.Since we translate foreign currencies (primarily Canadian dollars, Indian rupees, and British pounds) into U.S. dollars for financial reporting purposes, currency fluctuations can have an impact on our financial results. The historical impact of currency 52 Intuit Fiscal 2025 Form 10-KTable of Contentsfluctuations on our financial results has generally been immaterial. We believe that our exposure to currency exchange fluctuation risk is not material because our global subsidiaries invoice customers and satisfy their financial obligations almost exclusively in their local currencies. We believe the impact of currency fluctuations will continue to be immaterial in the foreseeable future due to the reasons cited above. As of July 31, 2025 and for the year then ended, we did not engage in foreign currency hedging activities. Intuit Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K53Table of Contents