# Management's Discussion and Analysis (Item 7)

*Filing:* 10-K 2026-02-06 (accession 0001018724-26-000004)
*Length:* 46,090 chars  *Confidence:* high

---

Item 7.Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of OperationsForward-Looking StatementsThis Annual Report on Form 10-K includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements other than statements of historical fact, including statements regarding guidance, industry prospects, or future results of operations or financial position, made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are forward-looking. We use words such as anticipates, believes, expects, future, intends, and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements reflect management’s current expectations and are inherently uncertain. Actual results and outcomes could differ materially for a variety of reasons, including, among others, fluctuations in foreign exchange rates and energy prices, changes in global economic conditions, tariff and trade policies, resource and supply volatility, including for memory chips, and customer demand and spending, inflation, interest rates, regional labor market constraints, world events, the rate of growth of the internet, online commerce, cloud services, and new and emerging technologies, the amount that Amazon.com invests in new business opportunities and the timing of those investments, the mix of products and services sold to customers, the mix of net sales derived from products as compared with services, the extent to which we owe income or other taxes, competition, management of growth, potential fluctuations in operating results, international growth and expansion, the outcomes of claims, litigation, government investigations, and other proceedings, fulfillment, sortation, delivery, and data center optimization, risks of inventory management, variability in demand, the degree to which we enter into, maintain, and develop commercial agreements, proposed and completed acquisitions and strategic transactions, payments risks, and risks of fulfillment throughput and productivity. In addition, global economic and geopolitical conditions and additional or unforeseen circumstances, developments, or events may give rise to or amplify many of these risks. These risks and uncertainties, as well as other risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results or outcomes to differ significantly from management’s expectations, are described in greater detail in Item 1A of Part I, “Risk Factors.”OverviewOur primary source of revenue is the sale of a wide range of products and services to customers. The products offered through our stores include merchandise and content we have purchased for resale and products offered by third-party sellers, and we also manufacture and sell electronic devices and produce media content. Generally, we recognize gross revenue from items we sell from our inventory as product sales and recognize our net share of revenue of items sold by third-party sellers as service sales. We seek to increase unit sales across our stores, through increased product selection, across numerous product categories. We also offer other services such as compute, storage, and database offerings, fulfillment, advertising, publishing, and digital content subscriptions.Our financial focus is on long-term, sustainable growth in free cash flow. Free cash flow is driven primarily by increasing operating income and efficiently managing accounts receivable, inventory, accounts payable, and cash capital expenditures, including our decision to purchase or lease property and equipment. Increases in operating income primarily result from increases in sales of products and services and efficiently managing our operating costs, partially offset by investments we make in longer-term strategic initiatives, including capital expenditures focused on improving the customer experience. To increase sales of products and services, we focus on improving all aspects of the customer experience, including lowering prices, improving availability, offering faster delivery and performance times, increasing selection, producing original content, increasing product categories and service offerings, expanding product information, improving ease of use, improving reliability, and earning customer trust. See “Results of Operations — Non-GAAP Financial Measures” below for additional information on our non-GAAP free cash flow measure.We seek to reduce our variable costs per unit and work to leverage our fixed costs. Our variable costs include product and content costs, payment processing and related transaction costs, picking, packaging, and preparing orders for shipment, transportation, customer service support, costs necessary to run AWS, and a portion of our marketing costs. Our fixed costs include the costs necessary to build and run our technology infrastructure; to build, enhance, and add features to our online stores, web services, electronic devices, and digital offerings; and to build and optimize our fulfillment network. Variable costs generally change directly with sales volume, while fixed costs generally are dependent on the timing of capacity needs, geographic expansion, category expansion, and other factors. To decrease our variable costs on a per unit basis and enable us to lower prices for customers, we seek to increase our direct sourcing, increase discounts from suppliers, and reduce defects in our processes. To minimize unnecessary growth in fixed costs, we seek to improve process efficiencies and maintain a lean culture.We seek to turn inventory quickly and collect from consumers before our payments to vendors and sellers become due. Because consumers primarily use credit cards in our stores, our receivables from consumers settle quickly. We expect variability in inventory turnover over time since it is affected by numerous factors, including our product mix, the mix of sales by us and by third-party sellers, our continuing focus on in-stock inventory availability and selection of product offerings, supply chain disruptions and resulting vendor lead times, our investment in new geographies and product lines, and the extent to which we choose to utilize third-party fulfillment providers. We also expect some variability in accounts payable days over 20Table of Contentstime since they are affected by several factors, including the mix of product sales, the mix of sales by third-party sellers, the mix of suppliers, seasonality, and changes in payment and other terms over time, including the effect of balancing pricing and timing of payment terms with suppliers.We expect spending in technology and infrastructure will increase over time, which can negatively impact short-term free cash flow, as we add infrastructure and employees, including to support our artificial intelligence and machine learning initiatives, to support long-term growth. Our technology and infrastructure investment and capital spending projects often support a variety of product and service offerings due to geographic expansion and the cross-functionality of our systems and operations. We seek to invest efficiently in several areas of technology and infrastructure, including AWS, and expansion of new and existing product categories and service offerings, as well as in infrastructure to enhance the customer experience and improve our process efficiencies. We believe that advances in technology, specifically the speed and reduced cost of processing power, data storage and analytics, improved wireless connectivity, and the practical applications of artificial intelligence and machine learning, will continue to improve users’ experience on the internet and increase its ubiquity in people’s lives. To best take advantage of these continued advances in technology, we are investing in AWS, which offers a broad set of on-demand technology services, including compute, storage, database, analytics, and machine learning, and other services to developers and enterprises of all sizes. We are also investing in initiatives to build and deploy innovative and efficient software and electronic devices as well as other initiatives including the development of a satellite network for global broadband service and autonomous vehicles for ride-hailing services. We seek to efficiently manage shareholder dilution while maintaining the flexibility to issue shares for strategic purposes, such as financings, acquisitions, and aligning employee compensation with shareholders’ interests. We utilize restricted stock units as our primary vehicle for equity compensation because we believe this compensation model aligns the long-term interests of our shareholders and employees. In measuring shareholder dilution, we include all vested and unvested stock awards outstanding, without regard to estimated forfeitures. Total shares outstanding plus outstanding stock awards were 10.9 billion and 11.0 billion as of December 31, 2024 and 2025.Our financial reporting currency is the U.S. Dollar and changes in foreign exchange rates significantly affect our reported results and consolidated trends. For example, if the U.S. Dollar weakens year-over-year relative to currencies in our international locations, our consolidated net sales and operating expenses will be higher than if currencies had remained constant. Likewise, if the U.S. Dollar strengthens year-over-year relative to currencies in our international locations, our consolidated net sales and operating expenses will be lower than if currencies had remained constant. We believe that our increasing diversification beyond the U.S. economy through our growing international businesses benefits our shareholders over the long-term. We also believe it is useful to evaluate our operating results and growth rates before and after the effect of currency changes.In addition, the remeasurement of our intercompany balances can result in significant gains and losses associated with the effect of movements in foreign exchange rates. Currency volatilities may continue, which may significantly impact (either positively or negatively) our reported results and consolidated trends and comparisons.For additional information about each line item addressed above, refer to Item 8 of Part II, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data — Note 1 — Description of Business, Accounting Policies, and Supplemental Disclosures.”Our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 includes a discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2023 in Item 7 of Part II, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.”Critical Accounting EstimatesThe preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles of the United States (“GAAP”) requires estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosures of contingent liabilities in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Critical accounting estimates are those estimates made in accordance with GAAP that involve a significant level of estimation uncertainty and have had or are reasonably likely to have a material impact on the financial condition or results of operations of the Company. Based on this definition, we have identified the critical accounting estimates addressed below. We also have other key accounting policies, which involve the use of estimates, judgments, and assumptions that are significant to understanding our results. For additional information, see Item 8 of Part II, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data — Note 1 — Description of Business, Accounting Policies, and Supplemental Disclosures.” Although we believe that our estimates, assumptions, and judgments are reasonable, they are based upon information presently available. Actual results may differ significantly from these estimates under different assumptions, judgments, or conditions.21Table of ContentsInventoriesInventories, consisting of products available for sale, are primarily accounted for using the first-in first-out method, and are valued at the lower of cost and net realizable value. This valuation requires us to make judgments, based on currently available information, about the likely method of disposition, such as through sales to individual customers, returns to product vendors, or liquidations, and expected recoverable values of each disposition category. These assumptions about future disposition of inventory are inherently uncertain and changes in our estimates and assumptions may cause us to realize material write-downs in the future. As a measure of sensitivity, for every 1% of additional inventory valuation allowance as of December 31, 2025, we would have recorded an additional cost of sales of approximately $405 million.In addition, we enter into supplier commitments for certain electronic device components and certain products. These commitments are based on forecasted customer demand. If we reduce these commitments, we may incur additional costs.Income TaxesWe are subject to income taxes in the U.S. (federal and state) and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Tax laws, regulations, administrative practices, principles, and interpretations in various jurisdictions may be subject to significant change, with or without notice, due to economic, political, and other conditions, and significant judgment is required in evaluating and estimating our provision and accruals for these taxes. There are many transactions that occur during the ordinary course of business for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. In addition, our actual and forecasted earnings are subject to change due to economic, political, and other conditions and significant judgment is required in determining our ability to use our deferred tax assets. Our effective tax rates could be affected by numerous factors, such as changes in our business operations, acquisitions, investments, entry into new businesses and geographies, intercompany transactions, the relative amount of our foreign earnings, including earnings being lower than anticipated in jurisdictions where we have lower statutory rates and higher than anticipated in jurisdictions where we have higher statutory rates, losses incurred in jurisdictions for which we are not able to realize related tax benefits, the applicability of special tax regimes, changes in foreign exchange rates, changes in our stock price, changes to our forecasts of income and loss and the mix of jurisdictions to which they relate, changes in our deferred tax assets and liabilities and their valuation, changes in the laws, regulations, administrative practices, principles, and interpretations related to tax, including changes to the global tax framework, competition, and other laws and accounting rules in various jurisdictions. In addition, a number of countries have enacted or are actively pursuing changes to their tax laws applicable to corporate multinationals. We are also currently subject to tax controversies in various jurisdictions, and these jurisdictions may assess additional income tax liabilities against us. Developments in an audit, investigation, or other tax controversy could have a material effect on our operating results or cash flows in the period or periods for which that development occurs, as well as for prior and subsequent periods. We regularly assess the likelihood of an adverse outcome resulting from these proceedings to determine the adequacy of our tax accruals. Although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, the final outcome of audits, investigations, and any other tax controversies could be materially different from our historical income tax provisions and accruals.Liquidity and Capital ResourcesCash flow information is as follows (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 20242025Cash provided by (used in):Operating activities$115,877 $139,514 Investing activities(94,342)(142,545)Financing activities(11,812)9,661 Our principal sources of liquidity are cash flows generated from operations and our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities balances, which, at fair value, were $101.2 billion and $123.0 billion as of December 31, 2024 and 2025. Amounts held in foreign currencies were $25.5 billion and $29.7 billion as of December 31, 2024 and 2025. Our foreign currency balances include British Pounds, Canadian Dollars, Euros, Indian Rupees, and Japanese Yen.Cash provided by (used in) operating activities was $115.9 billion and $139.5 billion in 2024 and 2025. Our operating cash flows result primarily from cash received from our consumer, seller, developer, enterprise, and content creator customers, and advertisers, offset by cash payments we make for products and services, employee compensation, payment processing and related transaction costs, operating leases, and interest payments. Cash received from our customers and other activities generally corresponds to our net sales. The increase in operating cash flow in 2025, compared to the prior year, was due to an increase in net income (loss), excluding non-cash expenses, and changes in working capital. Working capital at any specific 22Table of Contentspoint in time is subject to many variables, including variability in demand, inventory management and category expansion, the timing of cash receipts and payments, customer and vendor payment terms, and fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. Cash provided by (used in) investing activities corresponds with cash capital expenditures, including leasehold improvements, incentives received from property and equipment vendors, proceeds from asset sales, cash outlays for acquisitions, investments in other companies and intellectual property rights, and purchases, sales, and maturities of marketable securities. Cash provided by (used in) investing activities was $(94.3) billion and $(142.5) billion in 2024 and 2025, with the variability caused primarily by purchases, sales, and maturities of marketable securities and cash capital expenditures. Cash capital expenditures were $77.7 billion, and $128.3 billion in 2024 and 2025, which primarily reflect investments in technology infrastructure (the majority of which is to support AWS business growth) and in additional capacity to support our fulfillment network, both of which we expect to increase in 2026. We made cash payments, net of acquired cash, related to acquisition and other investment activity of $7.1 billion and $3.8 billion in 2024 and 2025, which primarily reflect investments in convertible notes from Anthropic, PBC (“Anthropic”), including $2.7 billion we invested in 2025.Cash provided by (used in) financing activities was $(11.8) billion and $9.7 billion in 2024 and 2025. Cash inflows from financing activities resulted from proceeds from short-term debt, and other and long-term-debt of $5.1 billion and $25.0 billion in 2024 and 2025. Cash outflows from financing activities resulted from payments of short-term debt, and other, long-term debt, finance leases, and financing obligations of $17.0 billion and $15.3 billion in 2024 and 2025. Property and equipment acquired under finance leases was $854 million and $2.9 billion in 2024 and 2025.We had no borrowings outstanding under the two unsecured revolving credit facilities or the commercial paper programs as of December 31, 2025. See Item 8 of Part II, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data — Note 6 — Debt” for additional information.As of December 31, 2025, cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities held by foreign subsidiaries were $7.1 billion. We intend to invest substantially all of our foreign subsidiary earnings, as well as our capital in our foreign subsidiaries, indefinitely outside of the U.S. in those jurisdictions in which we would incur significant, additional costs upon repatriation of such amounts.Our U.S. taxable income is reduced by accelerated depreciation deductions and the resulting U.S. tax liability is reduced by tax credits, primarily related to the U.S. federal research and development credit. The One Big Beautiful Bill Act of 2025 (the “2025 Tax Act”) made changes to the U.S. corporate income tax, including reinstating the option to claim 100% accelerated depreciation deductions on qualified property, with retroactive application beginning January 20, 2025 and immediate expensing of domestic research and development costs, with retroactive application beginning January 1, 2025. The 2025 Tax Act significantly decreased our cash taxes in 2025. Cash paid for U.S. (federal and state) and foreign income taxes (net of refunds) totaled $12.3 billion and $8.3 billion for 2024 and 2025. We expect the 2025 Tax Act to have a similar effect on our cash taxes in 2026. See Item 8 of Part II, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data — Note 9 — Income Taxes” for additional cash taxes paid information.As of December 31, 2024 and 2025, restricted cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities were $3.5 billion and $3.3 billion. See Item 8 of Part II, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data — Note 6 — Debt” and “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data — Note 7 — Commitments and Contingencies” for additional discussion of our principal contractual commitments, as well as our pledged assets. Additionally, we have purchase obligations and open purchase orders, including for inventory and capital expenditures, that support normal operations and are primarily due in the next twelve months. These purchase obligations and open purchase orders are generally cancellable in full or in part through the contractual provisions.We believe that cash flows generated from operations and our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities balances, as well as our borrowing arrangements, will be sufficient to meet our anticipated operating cash needs for at least the next twelve months. However, any projections of future cash needs and cash flows are subject to substantial uncertainty. See Item 1A of Part I, “Risk Factors.” We continually evaluate opportunities to sell additional equity or debt securities, obtain credit facilities, obtain finance and operating lease arrangements, enter into financing obligations, repurchase common stock, pay dividends, repurchase, refinance, or otherwise restructure our debt, or access capital through other financing arrangements for strategic reasons or to further strengthen our financial position. The sale of additional equity or convertible debt securities would be dilutive to our shareholders. In addition, we will, from time to time, consider the acquisition of, or investment in, complementary businesses, products, services, capital infrastructure, and technologies, which might affect our liquidity requirements or cause us to secure additional financing, or issue additional equity or debt securities. There can be no assurance that additional credit lines or financing instruments will be available in amounts or on terms acceptable to us, if at all. In addition, economic conditions and actions by policymaking bodies are contributing to changing interest rates and significant capital market volatility, which, along with any increases in our borrowing levels, could increase our future borrowing costs. 23Table of ContentsResults of OperationsWe have organized our operations into three segments: North America, International, and AWS. These segments reflect the way the Company evaluates its business performance and manages its operations. See Item 8 of Part II, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data — Note 10 — Segment Information.” OverviewMacroeconomic factors, including changes in inflation and interest rates, resource and supply volatility, global economic and geopolitical developments, including unpredictable shifts in global tariff and trade policies, and the development and adoption of technologies and services, including artificial intelligence, have direct and indirect impacts on our results of operations that are difficult to predict, isolate, and quantify. These could affect customer demand for our products and services, our ability to forecast growth needs, expenses, and benefits from new technologies. Further, we expect to continue making additional investments in our artificial intelligence initiatives. We expect some or all of these factors to continue to impact our results of operations into Q1 2026.Net SalesNet sales include product and service sales. Product sales represent revenue from the sale of products and related shipping fees and digital media content where we record revenue gross. Service sales primarily represent third-party seller fees, which includes commissions and any related fulfillment and shipping fees, AWS sales, advertising services, Amazon Prime membership fees, and certain digital media content subscriptions. Net sales information is as follows (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 20242025Net Sales:North America$387,497 $426,305 International142,906 161,894 AWS107,556 128,725 Consolidated$637,959 $716,924 Year-over-year Percentage Growth:North America10 %10 %International9 13 AWS19 20 Consolidated11 12 Year-over-year Percentage Growth, excluding the effect of foreign exchange rates:North America10 %10 %International10 10 AWS19 20 Consolidated11 12 Net Sales Mix:North America61 %59 %International22 23 AWS17 18 Consolidated100 %100 %Sales increased 12% in 2025, compared to the prior year. Changes in foreign exchange rates increased net sales by $4.4 billion in 2025. For a discussion of the effect of foreign exchange rates on sales growth, see “Effect of Foreign Exchange Rates” below.North America sales increased 10% in 2025, compared to the prior year. The sales growth primarily reflects increased unit sales, including sales by third-party sellers, advertising sales, and subscription services. Increased unit sales were driven largely by our continued focus on price, selection, and convenience for our customers, including from our fast shipping offers. Changes in foreign exchange rates reduced North America net sales by $454 million in 2025.International sales increased 13% in 2025, compared to the prior year. The sales growth primarily reflects increased unit sales, including sales by third-party sellers, advertising sales, and subscription services. Increased unit sales were driven largely 24Table of Contentsby our continued focus on price, selection, and convenience for our customers, including from our fast shipping offers. Changes in foreign exchange rates increased International net sales by $4.9 billion in 2025.AWS sales increased 20% in 2025, compared to the prior year. The sales growth primarily reflects increased customer usage, partially offset by pricing changes primarily driven by long-term customer contracts.Operating ExpensesInformation about operating expenses is as follows (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 20242025Operating Expenses:Cost of sales$326,288 $356,414 Fulfillment98,505 109,074 Technology and infrastructure88,544 108,521 Sales and marketing43,907 47,129 General and administrative11,359 11,172 Other operating expense (income), net763 4,639 Total operating expenses$569,366 $636,949 Year-over-year Percentage Growth (Decline):Cost of sales7 %9 %Fulfillment9 11 Technology and infrastructure3 23 Sales and marketing(1)7 General and administrative(4)(2)Other operating expense (income), net(1)508 Percent of Net Sales:Cost of sales51.1 %49.7 %Fulfillment15.4 15.2 Technology and infrastructure13.9 15.1 Sales and marketing6.9 6.6 General and administrative1.8 1.6 Other operating expense (income), net0.1 0.6 Cost of SalesCost of sales primarily consists of the purchase price of consumer products, inbound and outbound shipping costs, including costs related to sortation and delivery centers and where we are the transportation service provider, and digital media content costs where we record revenue gross, including video and music.The increase in cost of sales in 2025, compared to the prior year, is primarily due to increased product and shipping costs resulting from increased sales, partially offset by operational efficiencies. Changes in foreign exchange rates increased cost of sales by $2.8 billion in 2025.Shipping costs were $95.8 billion and $102.7 billion in 2024 and 2025. Shipping costs to receive products from our suppliers are included in our inventory and recognized as cost of sales upon sale of products to our customers. We expect our cost of shipping to continue to increase to the extent our customers accept and use our shipping offers at an increasing rate, we use more expensive shipping methods, and we offer additional services. We seek to mitigate costs of shipping over time in part through achieving higher sales volumes, optimizing our fulfillment network, negotiating better terms with our suppliers, and achieving better operating efficiencies. We believe that offering low prices to our customers is fundamental to our future success, and one way we offer lower prices is through shipping offers.Costs to operate our AWS segment are primarily classified as “Technology and infrastructure” as we leverage a shared infrastructure that supports both our internal technology requirements and external sales to AWS customers.25Table of ContentsFulfillmentFulfillment costs primarily consist of those costs incurred in operating and staffing our North America and International fulfillment centers, physical stores, and customer service centers and payment processing costs. While AWS payment processing and related transaction costs are included in “Fulfillment,” AWS costs are primarily classified as “Technology and infrastructure.” Fulfillment costs as a percentage of net sales may vary due to several factors, such as payment processing and related transaction costs, our level of productivity and accuracy, changes in volume, size, and weight of units received and fulfilled, the extent to which third-party sellers utilize Fulfillment by Amazon services, timing of fulfillment network and physical store expansion, the extent we utilize fulfillment services provided by third parties, mix of products and services sold, and our ability to affect customer service contacts per unit by implementing improvements in our operations and enhancements to our customer self-service features. Additionally, sales by our sellers have higher payment processing and related transaction costs as a percentage of net sales compared to our retail sales because payment processing costs are based on the gross purchase price of underlying transactions.The increase in fulfillment costs in 2025, compared to the prior year, is primarily due to increased sales and investments in our fulfillment network, partially offset by operational efficiencies. Changes in foreign exchange rates increased fulfillment costs by $609 million in 2025.We seek to expand our fulfillment network to accommodate a greater selection and in-stock inventory levels and to meet anticipated shipment volumes from sales of our own products as well as sales by third parties for which we provide the fulfillment services. We regularly evaluate our facility requirements.Technology and InfrastructureTechnology and infrastructure costs include payroll and related expenses for employees involved in the research and development of new and existing products and services, development, design, and maintenance of our stores, curation and display of products and services made available in our online stores, and infrastructure costs. Infrastructure costs include servers, networking equipment, and data center related depreciation and amortization, rent, utilities, and other expenses necessary to support AWS and other Amazon businesses. Collectively, these costs reflect the investments we make in order to offer a wide variety of products and services to our customers, including expenditures related to initiatives to build and deploy innovative and efficient software and electronic devices and the development of a satellite network for global broadband service and autonomous vehicles for ride-hailing services.We seek to invest efficiently in numerous areas of technology and infrastructure so we may continue to enhance the customer experience and improve our process efficiency through rapid technology developments, while operating at an ever increasing scale. Our technology and infrastructure investment and capital spending projects often support a variety of product and service offerings due to geographic expansion and the cross-functionality of our systems and operations. We expect spending in technology and infrastructure to increase over time as we continue to add infrastructure and employees, including to support our artificial intelligence and machine learning initiatives. These costs are allocated to segments based on usage. The increase in technology and infrastructure costs in 2025, compared to the prior year, is primarily due to an increase in spending on infrastructure, including depreciation and amortization. Changes in foreign exchange rates increased technology and infrastructure costs by $312 million in 2025. We currently expense the majority of the costs associated with the development of our satellite network for global broadband service (including production, launch, and payroll costs, and launch services deposits upon launch). We will capitalize certain of these costs once the service achieves commercial viability, including sales to customers.Sales and MarketingSales and marketing costs include advertising and payroll and related expenses for personnel engaged in marketing and selling activities, including sales commissions related to AWS. We direct customers to our stores primarily through a number of marketing channels, such as our sponsored search, third-party customer referrals, social and online advertising, television advertising, and other initiatives. Our marketing costs are largely variable, based on growth in sales and changes in rates. To the extent there is increased or decreased competition for these traffic sources, or to the extent our mix of these channels shifts, we would expect to see a corresponding change in our marketing costs.The increase in sales and marketing costs in 2025, compared to the prior year, is primarily due to increased third-party advertising expenses. Changes in foreign exchange rates increased sales and marketing costs by $283 million in 2025.While costs associated with Amazon Prime membership benefits and other shipping offers are not included in sales and marketing expense, we view these offers as effective worldwide marketing tools, and intend to continue offering them indefinitely.26Table of ContentsGeneral and AdministrativeGeneral and administrative costs in 2025 did not significantly change compared to the prior year.Other Operating Expense (Income), NetOther operating expense (income), net was $763 million and $4.6 billion during 2024 and 2025. The increase in 2025 was primarily related to the settlement of a lawsuit with the Federal Trade Commission (the “FTC”) in Q3 2025, and also included the resolution of tax disputes associated with our stores business in Italy, and physical stores and other asset impairments.Operating Income Operating income by segment is as follows (in millions):Year Ended December 31,20242025Operating IncomeNorth America$24,967 $29,619 International3,792 4,750 AWS39,834 45,606 Consolidated$68,593 $79,975 Operating income was $68.6 billion and $80.0 billion for 2024 and 2025. Operating income for 2025 includes charges of $2.5 billion we recorded in Q3 2025 related to the settlement of a lawsuit with the FTC and $2.7 billion, of which $1.8 billion was recorded in Q3 2025, of estimated severance costs primarily related to planned role eliminations. We believe that operating income is a more meaningful measure than gross profit and gross margin due to the diversity of our product categories and services. For more information on the operating expenses that impact segment operating income, see “Operating Expenses” and the descriptions of operating expense line item changes on pages 25 to 27, and “Note 10 — Segment Information” on page 67.The increase in North America operating income in 2025, compared to the prior year, is primarily due to increased unit sales and increased advertising sales, partially offset by increased fulfillment, technology and infrastructure, shipping, and other operating costs. Changes in foreign exchange rates negatively impacted operating income by $204 million in 2025.The increase in International operating income in 2025, compared to the prior year, is primarily due to increased unit sales and increased advertising sales, partially offset by increased fulfillment and shipping costs. Changes in foreign exchange rates positively impacted operating income by $903 million in 2025.The increase in AWS operating income in 2025, compared to the prior year, is primarily due to increased sales, partially offset by spending on technology infrastructure that was primarily driven by additional investments to support AWS business growth. Changes in foreign exchange rates negatively impacted operating income by $341 million in 2025.Interest Income and ExpenseOur interest income was $4.7 billion and $4.4 billion during 2024 and 2025, primarily due to a decrease in prevailing rates, offset by a higher average balance of invested funds. We generally invest our excess cash in investment grade short- to intermediate-term marketable debt securities and AAA-rated money market funds. Our interest income corresponds with the average balance of invested funds based on the prevailing rates, which vary depending on the geographies and currencies in which they are invested.Interest expense was $2.4 billion and $2.3 billion in 2024 and 2025 and was primarily related to debt and finance leases. See Item 8 of Part II, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data — Note 4 — Leases and Note 6 — Debt” for additional information.Our long-term lease liabilities were $78.3 billion and $87.3 billion as of December 31, 2024 and 2025. Our long-term debt was $52.6 billion and $65.6 billion as of December 31, 2024 and 2025. See Item 8 of Part II, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data — Note 4 — Leases and Note 6 — Debt” for additional information.Other Income (Expense), NetOther income (expense), net was $(2.3) billion and $15.2 billion during 2024 and 2025. The primary components of other income (expense), net are related to equity securities valuations and adjustments, equity warrant valuations, foreign currency, and reclassification adjustments for gains (losses) on available-for-sale debt securities. The net loss of $(2.3) billion in 2024 is primarily from the marketable securities loss from our equity investment in Rivian Automotive, Inc. (“Rivian”). The net gain of $15.2 billion in 2025 is primarily from an upward adjustment for observable changes in price relating to our nonvoting 27Table of Contentspreferred stock in Anthropic, and the reclassification adjustments for the gains on available-for-sale debt securities from the portions of our convertible notes investments in Anthropic that were converted to nonvoting preferred stock during 2025.Income TaxesOur effective tax rate is subject to significant variation due to several factors, including variability in our pre-tax and taxable income and loss and the mix of jurisdictions to which they relate, intercompany transactions, the applicability of special tax regimes, changes in how we do business, acquisitions, investments, developments in tax controversies, changes in our stock price, changes in our deferred tax assets and liabilities and their valuation, foreign currency gains (losses), changes in statutes, regulations, case law, and administrative practices, principles, and interpretations related to tax, including changes to the global tax framework, competition, and other laws and accounting rules in various jurisdictions, and relative changes of expenses or losses for which tax benefits are not recognized. Our effective tax rate can be more or less volatile based on the amount of pre-tax income or loss. For example, the impact of discrete items and non-deductible expenses on our effective tax rate is greater when our pre-tax income is lower. In addition, we record valuation allowances against deferred tax assets when there is uncertainty about our ability to generate future income in relevant jurisdictions. We recorded a provision for income taxes of $9.3 billion and $19.1 billion in 2024 and 2025. See Item 8 of Part II, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data — Note 9 — Income Taxes” for additional information.Equity-Method Investment Activity, Net of TaxEquity-method investment activity, net of tax was $(101) million and $(554) million during 2024 and 2025. The primary components of equity-method investment activity, net of tax are related to our share of the earnings or losses as reported by equity-method investees, amortization of basis differences, related gains or losses, and impairments. The net loss of $(554) million in 2025 is primarily from impairments.Non-GAAP Financial MeasuresRegulation G, Conditions for Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures, and other SEC regulations define and prescribe the conditions for use of certain non-GAAP financial information. Free cash flow and the effect of foreign exchange rates on our consolidated statements of operations meet the definition of non-GAAP financial measures. Free Cash FlowOur financial focus is on long-term, sustainable growth in free cash flow. We provide a free cash flow measure because we believe it provides additional perspective on the impact of acquiring property and equipment with cash. Free cash flow is cash flow from operations reduced by “Purchases of property and equipment, net of proceeds from sales and incentives.” The following is a reconciliation of free cash flow to the most comparable GAAP cash flow measure, “Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities,” for 2024 and 2025 (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 20242025Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities$115,877 $139,514 Purchases of property and equipment, net of proceeds from sales and incentives(77,658)(128,320)Free cash flow$38,219 $11,194 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities$(94,342)$(142,545)Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities$(11,812)$9,661 Free cash flow has limitations as it omits certain components of the overall cash flow statement and does not represent the residual cash flow available for discretionary expenditures. For example, free cash flow does not incorporate the portion of payments representing principal reductions of debt or cash payments for business acquisitions. Additionally, our mix of property and equipment acquisitions with cash or other financing options may change over time. Therefore, we believe it is important to view free cash flow only as a complement to our entire consolidated statements of cash flows.28Table of ContentsEffect of Foreign Exchange RatesInformation regarding the effect of foreign exchange rates, versus the U.S. Dollar, on our net sales, operating expenses, and operating income is provided to show reported period operating results had the foreign exchange rates remained the same as those in effect in the comparable prior year period. The effect on our net sales, operating expenses, and operating income from changes in our foreign exchange rates versus the U.S. Dollar is as follows (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 2024Year Ended December 31, 2025 AsReportedExchangeRateEffect (1)At PriorYearRates (2)AsReportedExchangeRateEffect (1)At PriorYearRates (2)Net sales$637,959 $2,335 $640,294 $716,924 $(4,409)$712,515 Operating expenses569,366 2,466 571,832 636,949 (4,051)632,898 Operating income68,593 (131)68,462 79,975 (358)79,617 ___________________(1)Represents the change in reported amounts resulting from changes in foreign exchange rates from those in effect in the comparable prior year period for operating results.(2)Represents the outcome that would have resulted had foreign exchange rates in the reported period been the same as those in effect in the comparable prior year period for operating results.29Table of ContentsGuidanceWe provided guidance on February 5, 2026, in our earnings release furnished on Form 8-K as set forth below. These forward-looking statements reflect Amazon.com’s expectations as of February 5, 2026, and are subject to substantial uncertainty. Our results are inherently unpredictable and may be materially affected by many factors, such as fluctuations in foreign exchange rates and energy prices, changes in global economic and geopolitical conditions, tariff and trade policies, resource and supply volatility, including for memory chips, and customer demand and spending (including the impact of recessionary fears), inflation, interest rates, regional labor market constraints, world events, the rate of growth of the internet, online commerce, cloud services, and new and emerging technologies, as well as those outlined in Item 1A of Part I, “Risk Factors.” First Quarter 2026 Guidance•Net sales are expected to be between $173.5 billion and $178.5 billion, or to grow between 11% and 15% compared with first quarter 2025. This guidance anticipates a favorable impact of approximately 180 basis points from foreign exchange rates. •Operating income is expected to be between $16.5 billion and $21.5 billion, compared with $18.4 billion in first quarter 2025. This guidance includes approximately $1 billion of higher year-over-year Amazon Leo costs as we scale in 2026, as well as investment in quick commerce and even sharper prices in our international stores business. •This guidance assumes, among other things, that no additional business acquisitions, restructurings, or legal settlements are concluded.30Table of Contents