# Business (Item 1)

*Filing:* 10-K 2026-02-12 (accession 0001193125-26-048139)
*Length:* 54,745 chars  *Confidence:* high

---

ITEM 1. BUSINESS OVERVIEW OF BUSINESSWe were founded in 1846 and incorporated in Delaware in 1925. We develop, manufacture and market a broad range of consumer household and personal care products and specialty products focused on animal and food production, chemicals and cleaners. Our well-recognized brands include ARM & HAMMER® baking soda, cat litter, laundry detergent, carpet deodorizer and other baking soda-based products; OXICLEAN® stain removers, cleaning solutions, laundry detergents and bleach alternatives; BATISTE® dry shampoo; WATERPIK® water flossers; THERABREATH® oral care products; HERO® acne treatment products; TOUCHLAND® hand sanitizers; TROJAN® condoms, lubricants and vibrators; FIRST RESPONSE® home pregnancy and ovulation test kits; NAIR® depilatories; ORAJEL® oral analgesic; XTRA® laundry detergent; and ZICAM® cold shortening and relief products. Seven of those brands are designated as "power brands" because they compete in large categories, and we believe they have the potential for significant global expansion. Those seven brands are ARM & HAMMER®; OXICLEAN®; BATISTE®; WATERPIK®; THERABREATH®; HERO® and TOUCHLAND® and represent approximately 70% of our net sales and profits. Prior to the sale of our VITAFUSION® and L'IL CRITTERS® (“VMS”) business at the end of 2025, we included VMS as an eighth “power brand.” We sell our consumer products under a variety of brands through a broad distribution platform that includes supermarkets, mass merchandisers, wholesale clubs, drugstores, convenience stores, home stores, dollar and other discount stores, pet and other specialty stores and websites and other e-commerce channels, all of which sell our products to consumers. We sell our specialty products to industrial customers, livestock producers and through distributors.FINANCIAL INFORMATION ABOUT SEGMENTS AND PRINCIPAL PRODUCTS As discussed in more detail below, we operate in three principal segments: Consumer Domestic, Consumer International, and our Specialty Products Division (“SPD”). Refer to Note 18 to the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report and the discussion in “Item 7: Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” for information concerning the results of each of our segments. All domestic brand “rankings” contained in this Annual Report are based on dollar share rankings from Information Resources, Inc. (“IRI”) Total US – Multi Outlet (“MULO”) for the period ending December 28, 2025. Foreign brand “rankings” are derived from several sources.The VMS business which was divested on December 31, 2025 is included in all values and statements, unless otherwise noted.Recent Acquisitions On July 16, 2025, the Company completed the acquisition of Touchland Holding Corp (“Touchland”), the developer of TOUCHLAND® hand sanitizer products (the “Touchland Acquisition”). The Company paid $656.0 million, net of cash acquired, at closing and entered an agreement to pay an additional amount based on 2025 net sales thresholds which will result in a cash payment of $159.0 million to be paid in the first half of 2026. In addition, the Company granted rights to Touchland’s founder to receive shares of our common stock valued at $50.0 million, with 50% of such shares vesting at each of the first-and-second year anniversaries of the closing. The value of common stock received by Touchland's founder will be recognized as compensation expense ratably over the two-year vesting period if the individual continues to be employed by the Company. Payment of a $5.0 million portion of the purchase price was deferred related to certain indemnification obligations provided by Touchland’s equity holders, which amount, to the extent not used in satisfaction of such indemnity obligations, is payable three years from the closing. The Touchland Acquisition was financed with cash on hand and is managed in the Consumer Domestic and Consumer International segments. Touchland’s annual net sales for the year ended December 31, 2024 were approximately $115.0 million.Divestitures and Business Exits On May 1, 2025, we announced that we would exit the Flawless, Spinbrush and Waterpik showerhead businesses, which we exited by the end of 2025. These businesses generated approximately $118.0 million of annual Net Sales in 2025. As a direct result of these actions, we recorded a pre-tax charge of $45.6 million (post-tax of $34.5 million) in 2025, of which $25.0 million was recorded in Cost of Sales and $20.6 million was recorded in SG&A. The charge was recorded in the second quarter within the Consumer Domestic segment and was comprised of non-cash charges related to impairments of intangible and fixed assets, as well as charges related to inventory valuation. A reduction to the second-quarter charge was recorded in the fourth quarter, reflecting final costs to exit the Spinbrush business. 4 On December 9, 2025, the Company announced a definitive agreement to sell the VitaFusion and L’il Critters brands to Piping Rock Health Products, Inc. The sale was completed on December 31, 2025, and included the VitaFusion and L’il Critters brands, relevant trademarks and licenses, and Church & Dwight's former manufacturing and distribution facilities in Vancouver and Ridgefield, Washington. The VMS brands represented less than 5% of our 2025 net sales. As a result of this transaction, we incurred a one-time, pre-tax charge of $58.5 million (post-tax of $45.6 million) in the fourth quarter of 2025 which is included in Other income (expense), net in the Consolidated Statements of Income.The decision to reposition our portfolio with these business exits enables us to devote greater focus to our portfolio’s faster growing value and premium product lines. Consumer DomesticOur founders first marketed sodium bicarbonate, otherwise known as baking soda, in 1846 for use in home baking. Today, this product has a wide variety of uses in the home, including as a refrigerator and freezer deodorizer, scratch-free cleaner and deodorizer for kitchen surfaces and cooking appliances, bath additive, dentifrice, cat litter deodorizer and swimming pool pH stabilizer. We specialize in baking soda-based products, as well as other products which use the same raw materials or technology and which are sold across multiple consumer and professional use categories. Our Consumer Domestic segment includes each of our seven power brands, as well as other well-known brands and household and personal care products. We divide the Consumer Domestic segment into household and personal care product groups. Household Products In 2025, household products constituted approximately 54% of our Consumer Domestic sales and approximately 41% of our consolidated net sales. Our primary household products include laundry detergents marketed under the ARM & HAMMER, OXICLEAN and XTRA brands, fabric softener sheets marketed under the ARM & HAMMER brand, cat litter under our ARM & HAMMER brand, and household cleaning products under the CLEAN SHOWER®, ORANGE GLO®, and OXICLEAN brands. Our laundry detergents constitute our largest consumer business, measured by net sales. ARM & HAMMER Baking Soda remains the number one leading brand of baking soda in terms of consumer recognition of the brand name and reputation for quality and value. The cleaning and deodorizing properties of baking soda have led to the development of numerous baking soda-based household products. For example, we market ARM & HAMMER FRIDGE FRESH®, a refrigerator deodorizer equipped with a baking soda filter to help keep food tasting fresher, and ARM & HAMMER Carpet Deodorizer. Personal Care ProductsIn 2025, personal care products constituted approximately 46% of our Consumer Domestic sales and approximately 36% of our consolidated net sales.Our personal care business was founded on the unique strengths of our ARM & HAMMER trademark and baking soda technology. We have expanded our personal care business through the acquisition of antiperspirants, oral care products, including mouthwash, depilatories, reproductive health products, oral analgesics, nasal saline moisturizers, cold shortening and relief, acne treatment, and hand sanitizers under a variety of other leading brand names. ARM & HAMMER Baking Soda, when used as a dentifrice, helps whiten and polish teeth, removes plaque and leaves the mouth feeling fresh and clean. These properties led to the development of a complete line of sodium bicarbonate-based dentifrice products that are marketed and sold nationally primarily under the ARM & HAMMER® brand name. Our other personal care products include antiperspirants and deodorants under the ARRID® and ARM & HAMMER® brands, condoms under the TROJAN® brand (the number one condom brand in the U.S.), water flossers under the WATERPIK® brand (the number one water flosser brand in the U.S.), home pregnancy test kits under the FIRST RESPONSE® brand (the number two pregnancy test kit brand in the U.S.), hair-removal products under the NAIR® brand (the number one depilatory in the U.S.), oral analgesics and oral care products under the ORAJEL® brand (the number one oral care pain relief in the U.S.), cold shortening and relief products under the ZICAM® brand (the number one cold shortening brand in the U.S. ), a growing number of dry shampoo products under the BATISTE® brand (the world's number one dry shampoo brand), VIVISCAL® (the number two leading supplement for thinning hair in the U.S), TOPPIK® hair fiber brands (the number one leading brand of hair fiber cosmetics for thinning hair in the U.S.), oral care products under the THERABREATH® brand (the number one alcohol free mouthwash in the U.S.), nasal saline moisturizers and solutions under the SIMPLY SALINE® brand, the HERO® acne treatment products brands (the number one acne and acne patch brand in the U.S.), and hand sanitizers under the TOUCHLAND® brand (the number one hand sanitizer brand in the U.S.). 5 Consumer InternationalOur Consumer International segment markets a variety of personal care, household and over-the-counter products in international subsidiary markets, including Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Japan, Mexico, China and the United Kingdom. We also export to over 100 countries around the world through our global markets group (the “Global Markets Group” or “GMG”) using a broad network of third-party distributors. Total Consumer International net sales represented approximately 18% of our consolidated net sales in 2025. Net sales of Consumer International originating in Europe, Canada, Australia and Mexico accounted for 24%, 23%, 7% and 8%, respectively, of our 2025 international net sales in this segment. No product line accounts for more than 20% of our total international net sales.Some of our U.S. power brands such as ARM & HAMMER®, BATISTE®, HERO®, THERABREATH®, OXICLEAN®, TOUCHLAND® and WATERPIK® are distributed in many of our international markets. In addition, we also export unique brands such as STERIMAR® and FEMFRESH® out of the United Kingdom.We also market the CURASH® line of baby care products in Australia, and GRAVOL® anti-nauseant and RUB-A535® topical analgesic in Canada and other international markets. We sell ANUSOL® hemorrhoid medications out of the United Kingdom, Canada, Australia and in other international markets. We also sell WATERPIK® water flossers in Australia, Canada, Germany, France, the United Kingdom, Mexico and in other international markets.Specialty Products Division Our SPD segment focuses on sales to businesses and participates in three product areas: Animal Nutrition, Specialty Chemicals and Commercial & Professional, and accounted for approximately 5% of our consolidated net sales in 2025. Animal Nutrition Products Since the ARM & HAMMER® Animal Nutrition business began in 1972, with its launch of ARM & HAMMER® baking soda as a feed additive to help dairy cows produce more milk, we have built a leading portfolio of nutritional supplements designed to help improve the health and productivity of dairy cows. In addition, we market a line of high-quality protein and amino acid products, including BIO-CHLOR® and FERMENTEN®, which are designed to help reduce health issues associated with calving, as well as provide needed protein to ensure proper growth and milk production. Over the last several years, we have expanded our product offerings to include unique prebiotics and probiotics. CELMANAX® Refined Functional Carbohydrate is a yeast-based prebiotic that helps ensure a well-functioning gastrointestinal track in dairy cows, beef cattle, poultry and other livestock. CERTILLUS® is a family of probiotics products used in the poultry, dairy, beef and swine industries. Specialty ChemicalsOur specialty chemicals business primarily encompasses the manufacture, marketing and sale of sodium bicarbonate in a range of grades and granulations for use in industrial markets. In industrial markets, sodium bicarbonate is used by other manufacturing companies as a leavening agent for commercial baked goods, as an antacid in pharmaceuticals, as a carbon dioxide release agent in fire extinguishers, as an alkaline agent in swimming pool chemicals, and as a buffer in kidney dialysis. We and Occidental Chemical Corporation are equal partners in a joint venture, Armand Products Company (“Armand”), which manufactures and markets potassium carbonate and potassium bicarbonate for sale in domestic and international markets. The potassium-based products are used in a wide variety of applications, including agricultural products, specialty glass and ceramics, and potassium silicates. Armand also manufactures a potassium carbonate-based animal feed additive for sale by us in the dairy industry, described above under “Animal Nutrition Products.” Armand’s results are included in our equity in earnings of affiliates which is not reflected in a reportable segment. Commercial & ProfessionalWe also provide a line of cleaning and deodorizing products for use in commercial and industrial applications such as office buildings, hotels, restaurants and other facilities. 6 COMPETITIONWe compete in the household and personal care consumer product categories, which are highly innovative categories, characterized by a continuous flow of new products and line extensions, and require significant advertising and promotion. We compete in these categories primarily on the basis of product innovation and performance, brand recognition, price, value and other consumer benefits. Consumer products, particularly laundry, are subject to significant price competition. As a result, we, from time to time, may need to reduce the prices for some of our products to respond to competitive and customer pressures and to maintain market share. Product introductions typically involve heavy marketing and trade spending in the year of launch, and we usually are not able to determine whether the new products and line extensions will be successful until a period of time has elapsed following the introduction of the new products or the extension of the product line.Because of the competitive retail environment, we face pricing pressure from our retail customers and customers selling through other channels, particularly high-volume retail customers including, internet-based retailers, who have increasingly sought to obtain pricing concessions or better trade terms that could reduce our margins. Furthermore, if we are unable to maintain price or trade terms acceptable to our customers, they could increase product purchases from competitors and reduce purchases from us, which would harm our sales and profitability.Our competitors in the Consumer Domestic and Consumer International segments include, among others, Procter & Gamble Company (“P&G”), The Clorox Company, Colgate-Palmolive Company, S.C. Johnson & Son, Inc., Nestlé S.A., Haleon plc, Henkel, Reckitt Benckiser Group plc, LifeStyles Healthcare, Kenvue Inc., Pfizer Inc., Bayer AG, NBTY, Inc., Koninklijke Philips N.V., Unilever PLC, Sanofi, Edgewell Personal Care, Panoxyl, Starface, GOJO Industries, Inc., and Peach & Lily. Many of these companies have greater financial resources than we do and have the capacity to outspend us in their attempts to gain market share. In addition, the growing number of sales channels and business models, such as niche brands, internet-only brands and retailer co-developed and owned brands, have increased competition in certain product categories, particularly within personal care, and specialty hair and skin care, from less well capitalized competitors. Competition within our animal nutrition and our specialty chemicals product lines is intense. The specialty chemicals business operates in a competitive environment influenced by capacity utilization, customers’ leverage and the impact of raw material and energy costs. Product introductions typically involve introductory educational costs in the year of launch, and we usually are not able to determine whether new products and line extensions will be successful until a period of time has elapsed following the introduction of new products or the extension of the product lines. Our key competitors with respect to our SPD segment are Cargill Incorporated, Lallemand Inc., Solvay Chemicals, Inc., Genesis Alkali/WE Soda and Huber-Natural Soda, Inc. For additional discussion of the competitive environment in which we conduct our business, see Item 1A, “Risk Factors.”DISTRIBUTION OF OUR PRODUCTSOur Consumer Domestic and Consumer International segments products are marketed primarily through a broad distribution platform that includes supermarkets, mass merchandisers, wholesale clubs, drugstores, convenience stores, home stores, dollar and other discount stores, pet and other specialty stores, and websites and other e-commerce channels, all of which sell our products to consumers. The Consumer Domestic Segment employs a sales force based regionally throughout the U.S. and utilizes the services of independent brokers, who represent our products in the food, mass, pet, dollar, club, and numerous other classes of trade. Our Consumer International segment conducts business through subsidiaries and global export markets. Our subsidiaries employ local sales and marketing teams that manage the retailer and trade relationships while export sales and marketing professionals also manage an extensive distributor network in our global export markets. Our products are stored in our plants and third-party owned warehouses and are either delivered by independent trucking companies or picked up by customers at our facilities. SPD markets sodium bicarbonate and other chemicals to industrial and agricultural customers primarily throughout the U.S. and Canada. Distribution is accomplished through a dedicated sales force supplemented by manufacturers’ representatives and independent distributors. Our products in this segment are stored in our plants and public warehouses and are either delivered by independent trucking companies or picked up by customers at our facilities.SEASONALITY Our business is generally not seasonal, although the Consumer Domestic and Consumer International segments are affected by sales of WATERPIK water flossers (which typically are higher during the fall, in advance of the holiday season), sales of NAIR depilatories and waxes (which typically are higher in the spring and summer months), sales of ZICAM cold shortening and relief products and TOUCHLAND hand sanitizers (which typically are higher in the fourth quarter of each year, in advance of the cold and flu season and renewed commitments to health). In SPD, several of our Animal Nutrition products experience higher demand in warmer weather months creating higher seasonal demand in the second and third quarters of the year. 7 RAW MATERIALS AND SOURCES OF SUPPLYWe manufacture sodium bicarbonate for our consumer and specialty products businesses at our plants located at Green River, Wyoming and Old Fort, Ohio. The primary source of soda ash, a basic raw material used in the production of sodium bicarbonate, is the mineral trona, which is found in abundance in southwestern Wyoming near our Green River plant. We have adequate trona reserves under mineral leases to support our sodium bicarbonate requirements for the foreseeable future. We are a party to a partnership agreement with Tata Chemicals (Soda Ash) Partners, which mines and processes trona reserves in Wyoming. We fulfill a substantial amount of our soda ash supply requirements through the partnership and related supply and services agreements, enabling us to achieve some of the economies of an integrated business capable of producing sodium bicarbonate and related products from the basic raw material. The partnership agreement and other supply agreements between Tata Chemicals (Soda Ash) Partners and us are terminable upon two years notice by either of us. We believe that sufficient alternative sources of soda ash supply are available.We believe that ample sources of raw materials are available for all our other major products and we have increased qualified dual sources of materials to approximately 70% of our total spend on direct materials as part of our resilient supply focus. Alternative sources of supply are available in case of the disruption or termination of the supply agreements.The cost of raw materials, including surfactants, diesel fuel and oil-based raw and packaging materials used primarily in our consumer businesses, increased modestly in 2025 relative to 2024. Increases in the prices of certain raw materials could materially impact our costs and financial results if we are unable to pass such costs along in the form of price increases to our customers.We utilize the services of third-party contract manufacturers around the world for certain products. PATENTS AND TRADEMARKSOur trademarks appear in upper case letters throughout this Annual Report. The majority of our trademarks are registered with either the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office or with the trademark offices of many foreign countries. The ARM & HAMMER trademark has been used by us since 1867 and is important to the successful operation of our business. Our products are sold under many other valuable trademarks held by us, including TROJAN, NAIR, ORAJEL, WATERPIK, FIRST RESPONSE, XTRA, OXICLEAN, BATISTE, SIMPLY SALINE, ZICAM, THERABREATH, HERO and TOUCHLAND. Our portfolio of trademarks represents substantial value in the businesses using the trademarks.U.S. patents are currently granted for a term of 20 years from the date the patent application is filed. Although we actively seek and maintain a number of patents, no single patent is considered significant to the business as a whole. CUSTOMERS AND ORDER BACKLOG In each of the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, net sales to our largest customer, Walmart Inc. and its affiliates (“Walmart”), were approximately 23% of our consolidated net sales. No other customer accounted for 10% or more of our consolidated net sales in the three-year period. The time between receipt of orders and shipment is generally short, and as a result, backlog is not significant. GOVERNMENT REGULATIONGeneralAll of our products are subject to regulation by one or more U.S. agencies, including the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”), the Environmental Protection Agency (“EPA”), the Federal Trade Commission (“FTC”), the Consumer Product Safety Commission (“CPSC”), the Federal Communications Commission (“FCC”), as well as foreign agencies such as the European Commission, Health Canada, the Australia Therapeutic Goods Administration, the Mexico Federal Commission for Protection Against Health Risks (COFEPRIS), the UK Medicines and Healthcare Products Regulatory Agency, the Chinese National Medical Products Administration and others. FDA regulations govern a variety of matters relating to our products, such as product development, manufacturing, premarket clearance or approval, labeling, distribution and post-market surveillance including complaint vigilance. The regulations adopted and standards imposed by the FDA and similar foreign agencies evolve over time and can require us to make changes in our manufacturing processes and quality systems to remain in compliance. These agencies periodically inspect manufacturing and other facilities. To maintain certification of our quality system and certain of the technical files of our products, we must monitor and adapt to changes to applicable standards. These changes may impose burdensome new requirements that require significant investment or rework. If we fail to comply with applicable regulations and standards, we may be subject to sanctions, including fines and penalties, the recall of products and cessation of manufacturing and/or distribution. 8 In addition, we sell products that are subject to regulation under the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide and Rodenticide Act and the Toxic Substances Control Act, which are administered by the EPA. Similar laws exist in other markets and may apply to our products.We are also subject to regulation by the FTC and its counterparts in other jurisdictions in connection with the content and truthfulness of our labeling, advertising, promotion, trade practices and other matters. The FTC and foreign agencies have instituted numerous enforcement actions against companies for failure to adequately substantiate claims made in advertising or for the use of otherwise false or misleading advertising claims and practices. These enforcement actions have resulted in consent decrees and the payment of civil penalties and/or restitution by the companies involved. Such actions can result in substantial financial penalties and significantly restrict the marketing of our products.The CPSC and consumer protection agencies around the world have jurisdiction over consumer products, regulate their safety and have authority over recalls. The CPSC administers the Poison Prevention Packaging Act and has issued regulations requiring special child resistant packaging for certain products, including pharmaceuticals, dietary supplements, and dietary substances, containing certain ingredients (e.g., iron). The CPSC and similar foreign agencies also develop and enforce mandatory product safety standards to address trending safety concerns, such as the use of button cell batteries or the presence of toxic chemicals in consumer products.The FCC regulates interstate and international communications by radio, television, wire, satellite, and cable in all 50 states, the District of Columbia and U.S. territories. An independent U.S. government agency overseen by Congress, the Commission is the federal agency responsible for implementing and enforcing America’s communications law and regulations. The FCC administers the Communications Act of 1934, specifically in Title 47, Section 301. This section grants the FCC the power to regulate and oversee the use of the electromagnetic spectrum, including electrical products that generate energy or radiofrequency. Our electrical products, such as WaterPik flossers and Trojan vibrators, are also subject to the Radiation Control provisions of the federal FDCA. This law, administered by the FDA, governs products that emit radiation, including medical devices as well as radiation-emitting electronic products. Our relationship with certain union employees is regulated by various agencies of the countries, states, provinces and other localities in which we sell our products. Medical Device Clearance and Approval To be commercially distributed in the United States, a medical device must, unless exempt, receive clearance or approval from the FDA pursuant to the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (“FDCA”). For lower risk class II devices, we must generally submit a premarket notification requesting clearance for commercial distribution known as a “510(k)” clearance. Our condoms, lubricants, STERIMAR nasal congestion relief, home pregnancy test kits and WATERPIK professional dental products are regulated as class II devices. Some other low risk devices, including nasal congestion relief and wound wash, wrist supports, WATERPIK water flossers and HERO pimple patches are in class I or are unclassified and are generally exempted from the 510(k) requirements. To obtain 510(k) clearance, a device must be determined to be substantially equivalent in intended use and in safety and effectiveness to a benchmark device, or “predicate” that is already legally in commercial distribution. Any modification to a 510(k) cleared device that could significantly affect its safety or effectiveness, or that would constitute a change in its intended use, generally requires a new 510(k) clearance. We may determine that a new 510(k) clearance is not required, but if the FDA disagrees, it may retroactively require a 510(k) clearance and may require us to cease marketing or recall the modified device until 510(k) clearance is obtained. In many countries outside the United States, to distribute a medical device lawfully, we must demonstrate conformity to local or regional standards for quality, safety and performance. For class II medical devices, we must obtain either government approval or certification from an accredited and approved Notified Body ("NB") that also performs periodic planned and surprise audits of our files and our quality system. These audits are shared in some cases, specifically among regulators in the U.S., Canada, Australia, Brazil, and Japan. Modification to a certified device generally requires government or NB review and approval prior to implementation of the change. Additionally, all safety incidents reported to a Health Authority must also be reported to the NB.OTC/Pharmaceutical and Cosmetic RequirementsWe market over-the-counter (“OTC”) pharmaceutical products, such as topical acne products, anticavity toothpaste, anticavity rinse, antiperspirant, hemorrhoid relief, skin protectant, antinauseant, oral analgesic and sunscreen drug products, that are subject to FDA and foreign regulation. Under the U.S. OTC monograph system, OTC pharmaceutical products that meet established conditions are generally recognized as safe and effective and do not require the submission and approval of a new drug application. The FDA OTC monographs include well-known ingredients and specify requirements for permitted indications, required warnings and precautions, allowable combinations of ingredients and dosage levels. Pharmaceutical products marketed under the OTC monograph system must conform to specific quality, formula and labeling requirements. Following the passage of the CARES Act, FDA is updating and working to finalize current monographs, including those that affect our oral care products and HERO sunscreens. With these new regulations, OTC products will now need to be “state of the art” and will have significant focus on Good Manufacturing Practices (“GMPs”), especially manufacturing, final formulation testing, stability testing, and safety incident reporting. Products not in the monograph system can be deemed to be unapproved new drugs and can be forced from the market. This is particularly the case for homeopathic drug products like certain ZICAM products. Both the FDA and the FTC have taken the position that homeopathic products are unapproved new drugs. Regulatory action 9 against these products is deemed unlikely unless the products present an unreasonable safety risk. ZICAM homeopathic products are not currently perceived to pose such risk.All facilities where OTC pharmaceutical products are manufactured, tested, packaged, stored or distributed must comply with current Good Manufacturing Practices (“cGMP”) regulations and/or regulations promulgated by competent authorities in the countries where the facilities are located. All of our pharmaceutical products are manufactured, tested, packaged, stored and distributed according to cGMP regulations. The FDA performs periodic audits to ensure that our facilities remain in compliance with all appropriate regulations. The failure of a facility to be in compliance may lead to a breach of representations made to customers or to regulatory action against us related to the products made in that facility, such as seizure, injunction or recall. Serious product quality concerns could also result in governmental actions against us that, among other things, could result in the suspension of production or distribution of our products, product seizures, loss of certain licenses or other governmental penalties, and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or operating results. We are required to report serious adverse events associated with the use of our OTC pharmaceutical products marketed in the U.S and other countries where such products are sold. We cannot predict whether new legislation regulating our activities will be enacted or what effect any legislation would have on our business.Medical Device, OTC/Pharmaceutical and Cosmetic Pre- and Post-Market RegulationBefore and after a medical device, OTC/pharmaceutical, and/or cosmetic is commercialized, numerous regulatory requirements apply, including: •international quality system regulations, including those of the FDA and other regulatory authorities, impose cGMP requirements governing the methods used in, and the facilities and controls used for, the design, manufacture, packaging, servicing, labeling, storage, installation, and distribution of all finished medical devices and OTC pharmaceuticals intended for human use; •global standards and regulations affecting product design and development, including requirements to keep existing products current to the “state of the art,” and doing an ongoing assessment of the risk acceptability, adopting risk control measures where appropriate, and re-assessing the clinical benefit; •labeling regulations, including a prohibition on product promotion for unapproved or “off label” uses; •the medical device and drug reporting regulation requiring a manufacturer to report to the regulatory authorities if its drug or device may have caused or contributed to a death or serious injury or malfunctioned in a way that would likely cause or contribute to a death or serious injury if it were to recur and ongoing post-market surveillance of the product and like-products to continuously evaluate the benefit/risk over the life of the product; and •regulations on corrections and removals which require a manufacturer to report recalls and field actions to the regulatory authorities if initiated to reduce a risk to health posed by the device or to remedy a violation of the applicable laws.Food ProductsWe market baking soda and animal feed products, such as rumen fermentation enhancers and Dietary Cation-Anion Difference (“DCAD”) balancers that are also subject to FDA and foreign regulation. The Food Safety Modernization Act (“FSMA”) regulates food and animal feed products and mandates preventive controls, including hazard analysis, risk controls, supplier qualifications and controls and increased record keeping. FSMA grants the FDA the authority to require mandatory recalls for products under certain conditions. The FDA is currently in the process of establishing rules and guidance to implement the provisions of FSMA. The potential impact of these rules and applicable guidance will be determined as they are published, and compliance plans will be affected as necessary.Dietary SupplementsThe processing, formulation, safety, manufacturing, packaging, labeling, advertising, distribution, importing, selling, and storing our dietary supplements sold under the VIVISCAL, ZICAM, REPHRESH, GRAVOL and ORAJEL brands are subject to regulation by one or more federal agencies, including the FDA, the FTC, the CPSC, the EPA, and by various agencies of the states and localities in which our products are sold. The FDCA governs the composition, safety, labeling, manufacturing and marketing of dietary supplements. Additionally, dietary supplements sold outside the U.S. may be regulated as drugs.It is unlawful to market as a dietary supplement any article that is approved as a new drug or is authorized for investigation as a new drug for which substantial clinical investigations have been instituted and made public, unless that article was first marketed as a dietary supplement or food. The FDA has authority to effectively void that restriction through the issuance of a regulation finding the article lawful. The FDA has issued Warning Letters to companies selling supplements with unapproved new dietary ingredients, unsafe food additives, and/or drug claims. 10 Dietary ingredients that were not marketed in the U.S. before October 15, 1994 must be the subject of a new dietary ingredient notification submitted to the FDA at least 75 days before the initial marketing, unless the ingredient has been present in the food supply as an article used for food without being chemically altered. The notification must provide evidence of a history of use or other evidence establishing that use of the dietary ingredient is reasonably expected to be safe. The FDA may determine that notification does not provide an adequate basis to conclude that a new ingredient is reasonably expected to be safe, which could effectively prevent the marketing of the ingredient. In May 2022, the FDA issued draft guidance on enforcement policy with regard to premarket notification of new dietary ingredients. Although the draft guidance was issued for public comment and does not have the force of law, it is a strong indication of the FDA’s current thinking on the FDA’s approach to enforcement. The FDA has signaled its intent to enforce the applicable statutes and regulations by requiring submission of a pre-market safety notification for “new” dietary ingredients.A company that uses a statement of nutritional support in labeling must possess information substantiating that the statement is truthful and not misleading. If the FDA determines that a particular statement of nutritional support is an unacceptable drug claim or an unauthorized version of a health claim, or if the FDA determines that a particular claim is not adequately supported by existing scientific evidence or is otherwise false or misleading, the claim could not be used and any product bearing the claim could be subject to regulatory action.The FDA’s cGMP regulations govern the manufacturing, packaging, labeling and holding operations of dietary supplement manufacturers. As with OTC products, the FDA performs periodic audits to ensure that our dietary supplement facilities remain in compliance with all appropriate regulations. The failure of a facility to be in compliance may lead to a breach of representation made to consumers or to regulatory action against us related to the products made in that facility, seizure, injunction or recall. There is considerable uncertainty with respect to the FDA’s interpretation and implementation of the cGMP regulations. The failure of a manufacturing facility to comply with the cGMP regulations may render products manufactured in that facility adulterated and subject those products and the manufacturer to a variety of potential FDA enforcement actions. The manufacturer, packer, or distributor of a dietary supplement marketed in the U.S. whose name appears on the label of the supplement is required to report serious adverse events associated with the use of that supplement to the FDA. Additional legislation may be introduced which, if passed, would impose substantial new regulatory requirements on dietary supplements. The effect of additional domestic or international governmental legislation, regulations, or administrative orders, if and when promulgated, cannot be determined. New legislation or regulations may require the reformulation of certain products to meet new standards and require the recall or discontinuance of certain products not capable of reformulation. Sustainability Strategy and PillarsSustainability is how we refer to our environmental, social & governance (ESG) efforts to deliver growth and profitability while making a meaningful and positive impact. Our global sustainability strategy is derived from our heritage and organizational values. We believe that Sustainability is critical to the health of the communities in which we operate, contributes to a better world and benefits our business both financially and operationally. Each year we publish a Sustainability Report that discloses our business and corporate responsibility commitments and details our performance metrics and targets and other components of our sustainability efforts. Our 2024 Sustainability Report is available on our web site at https://churchdwight.com/pdf/Sustainability/2024-Sustainability-Report.pdf, and our 2025 Sustainability Report will be available in April 2026 (the “2025 Sustainability Report” and together with the 2024 Sustainability Report, the “Sustainability Reports”). References to our Sustainability Reports are for informational purposes only and neither the Sustainability Reports or the other information on our website is incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The following six pillars are the core focus of our sustainability efforts. Each is supported through our Governance practices, which are intended to maintain a system of rules, processes and practices that determine how we operate and align the interests of our stakeholders in support of ethical business practices and financial success. •Our Brands: Delight consumers with our brands and contribute towards a more sustainable world•Products: Provide safe and effective products for consumers and the environment•Packaging: Utilize consumer friendly and environmentally responsible packaging•Employees and Communities: Embrace the principles of good corporate citizenship and social responsibility within the communities we can impact•Environment: Minimize environmental impact of our global operations, with a focus on increased renewable energy usage, reduced water consumption, greenhouse gas emissions and solid waste to landfills•Responsible Sourcing: Improve our suppliers’ environmental, labor, health & safety and ethical practicesEnvironmental. Our operations are subject to federal, state, local and foreign laws, rules and regulations relating to environmental concerns, including air emissions, wastewater discharges, solid and hazardous waste management activities, and the safety of our employees. We 11 endeavor to take actions necessary to comply with such regulations. These steps include periodic environmental and health and safety audits of our facilities. The audits, conducted by independent firms with expertise in environmental, health and safety compliance, include site visits at each location, as well as a review of documentary information, to determine compliance with such federal, state, local and foreign laws, rules and regulations. We strive to minimize the impact of our expanding global operations and to meet the challenge of managing our environmental footprint. Our environmental priorities include providing effective products that are safe for our consumers, the animals they care for and the environment; utilizing consumer friendly and environmentally responsible packaging; reducing greenhouse gas emission and water usage; recycling solid waste; and improving our suppliers’ environmental practices.Social. Our Social focus is driven by our goals of delighting consumers with our brands through our contributions to sustainability; improving our suppliers’ labor, health & safety, environmental and ethical practices; and supporting our employees and communities – all to create a stronger more resilient company. Employee safety and wellness remain two of our highest priorities. We administer company-wide policies designed to ensure the safety of each team member and compliance with OSHA and local standards. We embrace the diversity of our employees across all dimensions and believe that a diverse and inclusive workforce fosters innovation and promotes an environment filled with unique perspectives, talents, and experiences. We strive to cultivate a culture and processes that support and enhance our ability to recruit, hire, develop and retain talent at every level based on merit. We do not discriminate in our recruiting, hiring, or promotion on the basis of protected class characteristics or conditions. We encourage our employees to become involved in their communities through our Employee Giving Fund, which supports charitable organizations where our employees work and live, and The Church & Dwight Philanthropic Foundation (the “Foundation”) which is focused on helping to create educational and employment opportunities and advancing environmental preservation. The Employee Giving Fund and the Foundation are administered by our employees. See pages 12 to 13 in Item 1 of this Annual Report under “ Human Capital” for a discussion of our human capital management.Governance. Our sustainability governance focus includes the processes, rules, resources and systems in support of our operational and sustainability efforts, as were described in our 2025 Proxy Statement and will be described in our Proxy Statement for our upcoming Annual Meeting of Stockholders under the caption “Sustainability Strategy and Pillars” and in our 2025 Sustainability Report. Our Corporate Issues Council (the “Council”), comprised of senior executives representing all our key functional areas, guides the integration of sustainability within all parts of our business and drives continuous improvement in our Sustainability Program. The Council takes the lead in defining and implementing our sustainability strategies across six pillars. Our Board of Directors, acting principally through its Governance, Nominating & Corporate Responsibility Committee, oversees our Sustainability Program , including our resilience related policies and programs. The Governance, Nominating & Corporate Responsibility Committee focuses on governance, brands, products, packaging, responsible sourcing, environmental, and all other areas of our Sustainability Program not otherwise overseen by the Compensation & Human Capital Committee and the Audit Committee. Our Compensation & Human Capital Committee focuses on issues related to our people. Our Audit Committee oversees our compliance and ethics program. Our Compensation & Human Capital Committee and Board also review the results of our periodic employee engagement surveys and has oversight over our planned response strategy. Our Political Contributions Policy, which is posted in the Investor Relations section of our website, sets forth our policies regarding political contributions and membership in industry groups that further our business goals. Our General Counsel and Chairman of the Board are responsible for ensuring that stockholder requests, recommendations and proposals are evaluated by the Governance, Nominating & Corporate Responsibility Committee, additional committees within the Board as appropriate, and then by the Board of Directors, if needed.As described in our Sustainability Reports, our continued progress in key areas of sustainability has earned recognition from various third parties. We use the standards and guidelines of the Global Reporting Initiative and the IFRS Sustainability Disclosure Standards issued by the International Sustainability Standards Board (ISSB)which incorporate the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board industry specific standards and the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures, to inform our sustainability disclosures included in this Annual Report, our Proxy Statement and our Sustainability Reports. The “materiality” thresholds in those standards and guidelines may differ from the concept of “materiality” for purposes of the federal securities laws and disclosures required by the Commission’s rules in this Annual Report. Moreover, the inclusion of sustainability disclosures in this Annual Report and in our other filings with the Commission does not necessarily imply that we consider them to be material for purposes of the federal securities laws or the Commission’s rules and regulations governing such disclosure. HUMAN CAPITALOverviewMuch of our success comes from our culture. Our people share a collective energy and ambition towards making a difference supporting the greater good, by providing affordable, quality products for everyday life, as reflected in our sustainability commitments, and by giving back to their communities. Our culture generates a collective passion, strength and determination to make an outsized impact, every day. 12 Safety and WellnessEmployee safety and wellness in both plants and offices remain two of our highest priorities. We develop and administer company-wide policies to ensure the safety of each team member and compliance with OSHA standards. Our EmployeesAs of December 31, 2025, we had approximately 5,550 global employees, a decrease of approximately 200 compared to December 31, 2024. Approximately 85% of our workforce is located in the Americas, 11% in Europe, Middle East, and Africa, and 4% in the Asia-Pacific region. About 55% of our employees are salaried and about 45% are paid hourly wages. During fiscal 2025, our overall turnover rate was approximately 17%. Our revenue per employee in fiscal 2025 was approximately $1.12 million. Inclusive and Effective WorkforceWe embrace the diversity of our employees in all dimensions and our efforts aspire to help us achieve a more inclusive workforce and optimize our long-term performance. We also strive to cultivate a culture and processes that support and enhance our ability to recruit, hire, develop and retain talent at every level based on merit.As a company we remain committed to fair treatment, access, opportunity, and advancement for all. In 2023 we launched several Employee Resource Groups (“ERGs”). These Company-supported, employee-run groups contribute to our goal of building and maintaining a diverse and inclusive workplace at Church & Dwight. We started the program with ERGs for military veterans (V.A.L.O.R.), black employees (B.O.L.D.) and women (W.A.V.E.). Each ERG is open to all employees and is intended to create inclusive environments where all global employees feel connected, valued, and inspired to build customer value and contribute to our Company’s success. Hiring, Development and RetentionOur talent strategy is focused on attracting the best talent and recognizing and rewarding performance, while continually developing, engaging and retaining our talented employees. We invest resources in professional development and growth as a means of improving employee performance and improving retention. This includes management training aimed at continuous learning, professional training and development opportunities, targeted leadership development courses for new and existing leaders of different levels of seniority, tuition reimbursement, on-boarding efforts, job specific programs for our employees, cultural reinforcement and more. Compensation and BenefitsAttracting and retaining talent is a priority at Church & Dwight. We offer competitive pay and a range of benefits that support the well-being of our workforce. This includes offering competitive salaries and wages, as well as benefits such as health insurance, retirement and profit-sharing plans, and paid time off. Employees are eligible for health insurance, prescription drug benefits, dental, vision, hospital indemnity, accident, critical illness, and disability insurance, life insurance, health savings accounts, flexible spending accounts, reproductive rights coverage, participation in savings plans, and identity theft insurance, in each case subject to the terms and conditions of the applicable plans and programs. CommunitiesWe encourage our employees to become involved in their communities, and in 2025, our Employee Giving Fund supported our communities by providing approximately $1.3 million in employee and corporate contributions to 224 deserving community organizations through annual grants, disaster relief, and other monetary support. Employees purchased back-to-school supplies online to support disadvantaged youth, donated clothes and non-perishable items for clothing and food drives and provided supplies for a summer camp and holiday dinner for families in need. In 2020 we established the Church and Dwight Philanthropic Foundation (the “Foundation”) with the focus on helping to create educational and employment opportunities and advancing environmental preservation. The Foundation is administered by our employees. In 2025, ten organizations were chosen and received grants totaling approximately $1.1 million. 13 PUBLIC INFORMATIONWe maintain a website at www.churchdwight.com and on the “Investors-Financials-SEC Filings” page of our website we make available free of charge our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, and our Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file these materials with, or furnish them to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “Commission”). Also available on the “Investors-Governance Documents” page on our website are our Corporate Governance Guidelines, charters for the Audit, Compensation & Human Capital and Governance, Nominating & Corporate Responsibility Committees of our Board of Directors (the “Board”), our Code of Conduct, our Information Security, Governance FAQs and our Political Contributions Policy. We also publish a Sustainability Report that summarizes our business and corporate responsibility commitments and accomplishments including those related to our environmental, social, and governance performance. For more information regarding our sustainability strategy and pillars please see the “Responsibility” page on our website and the discussion under the caption “Sustainability Strategy and Pillars” included above. Each of the foregoing is also available in print free of charge and may be obtained upon written request to: Church & Dwight Co., Inc., 500 Charles Ewing Boulevard, Ewing, New Jersey 08628, attention: Secretary. The information presented on our website is not a part of this Annual Report and the reference to our website is intended to be an inactive textual reference only. 14