# Management's Discussion and Analysis (Item 7)

*Filing:* 10-K 2026-02-12 (accession 0001193125-26-048139)
*Length:* 57,597 chars  *Confidence:* high

---

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements. OVERVIEWOur BusinessWe develop, manufacture and market a broad range of consumer household, personal care and specialty products. Our well-recognized brands include ARM & HAMMER® baking soda, cat litter, laundry detergent, carpet deodorizer and other baking soda-based products; OXICLEAN® stain removers, cleaning solutions, laundry detergents and bleach alternatives; TOUCHLAND® hand sanitizers; BATISTE® dry shampoo; WATERPIK® water flossers; THERABREATH® oral care products; HERO® acne treatment products; TROJAN condoms, lubricants and vibrators; FIRST RESPONSE home pregnancy and ovulation test kits; NAIR depilatories; ORAJEL oral analgesic; XTRA laundry detergent; and ZICAM cold shortening and relief products. Seven of those brands are designated as "power brands" because they compete in large categories, and we believe they have the potential for significant global expansion. Those seven brands are ARM & HAMMER®; OXICLEAN®; TOUCHLAND®; BATISTE®; WATERPIK®; THERABREATH®; and HERO® and represent approximately 70% of our net sales and profits. Prior to the sale of our VITAFUSION® and L'IL CRITTERS® (“VMS”) business at the end of 2025, we included VMS as an eighth “power brand.”We sell our consumer products under a variety of brands through a broad distribution platform that includes supermarkets, mass merchandisers, wholesale clubs, drugstores, convenience stores, home stores, dollar, pet and other specialty stores and websites and other e-commerce channels, all of which sell the products to consumers. We sell our specialty products to industrial and commercial customers, livestock producers and through distributors.We operate our business in three segments: Consumer Domestic, Consumer International and the Specialty Products Division (“SPD”). The segments are based on differences in the nature of products sold and management organizational structures. In 2025, the Consumer Domestic, Consumer International and SPD segments represented approximately 77%, 18% and 5%, respectively, of our consolidated net sales.Recent Developments Global Economic Conditions and Trade PoliciesWe have experienced increased commodity cost volatility and economic uncertainty primarily due to changes in U.S. trade policies including ongoing reviews and modifications to tariffs and other U.S. trade measures. We continue to evaluate these evolving developments and have taken actions to mitigate their impact on our business, including taking strategic actions for certain business lines (see Strategic Business Decisions below), shifting production and relocating manufacturing operations, finding alternative sources of supply, most notably ceasing the import of substantially all Waterpik flossers and other products from China into the U.S., potentially increasing prices, adjusting inventories, lobbying and seeking exemptions with respect to tariffs. While the tariffs remain fluid, we are focused on managing these challenges. We believe our existing tariff cost exposure will be mitigated through the above-mentioned actions, future additional supply chain efforts and surgical pricing.Strategic Business DecisionsOn May 1, 2025, we announced that we would exit the Flawless, Spinbrush and Waterpik showerhead businesses. We exited these businesses by the end of 2025. These businesses generated approximately $118.0 of annual Net Sales in 2025. We recorded a pre-tax charge of $45.6 (post-tax of $34.5) in 2025 as a direct result of these actions, of which $25.0 was recorded in Cost of sales and $20.6 was recorded in SG&A. The charge was primarily recorded in the second quarter to the Consumer Domestic segment and was comprised of non-cash charges related to impairments of intangible and fixed assets, as well as charges related to inventory valuation. A reduction to the second quarter charge was recorded in the fourth quarter related to final costs to exit the Spinbrush business.On December 9, 2025, the Company announced a definitive agreement to sell the VitaFusion and L’il Critters brands to Piping Rock Health Products, Inc. This agreement includes the VitaFusion and L’il Critters brands, relevant trademarks and licenses, and the Company's former manufacturing and distribution facilities in Vancouver and Ridgefield, Washington. The transaction closed on December 31, 2025. 36 CHURCH & DWIGHT CO., INC AND SUBSIDIARIES(Dollars in millions, except share and per share data) The VMS brands represented less than 5% of our 2025 net sales. As a result of this transaction, we incurred a one-time, pre-tax charge of $58.5 (post-tax of $45.6) in the fourth quarter of 2025 which is included in in Other income (expense), net in the Consolidated Statements of Income.The decision to reposition our portfolio with these business exits enables us to devote greater focus to our portfolio’s faster growing value and premium product lines.Share RepurchasesIn May 2025, the Company entered into an accelerated share repurchase ("ASR") contract with a commercial bank to purchase Common Stock. The Company paid $300.0 to the bank, inclusive of fees, and received 2.8 million shares in May 2025 and 0.3 million shares in August 2025 at an average total share price of $95.71. The Company purchased all 3.1 million shares under the evergreen share repurchase program and used cash on hand to fund the purchase price.In August and September 2025, the Company executed open market purchases of 3.2 million shares for $300.0, inclusive of fees, of which $170.0 was purchased under the evergreen share repurchase program and $130.0 was purchased under the 2021 Share Repurchase Program (as defined below). The shares were purchased at an average share price of $92.81 and the Company used cash on hand to fund the open market purchases.In November and December 2025, the Company executed open market purchases of 3.6 million shares for $300.0, inclusive of fees, of which all 3.6 million shares were purchased under the 2021 Share Repurchase Program. The shares were purchased at an average share price of $83.59 and the Company used cash on hand to fund the open market purchases.One Big Beautiful Bill ActOn July 4, 2025, President Trump signed into law the legislation formally titled "An Act to Provide for Reconciliation Pursuant to Title II of H. Con. Res. 14” and commonly referred to as the One Big Beautiful Bill Act (“OBBBA”). The legislation includes several provisions that may impact the timing and magnitude of certain tax deductions. Key provisions include the permanent extension of several key elements of the 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, including 100% bonus depreciation and an immediate tax deduction for domestic research costs. The tax provisions in OBBBA did not have a material impact on our financial position and results of operations, and had a minimal benefit to operating cash flows.Touchland AcquisitionOn July 16, 2025, we completed the acquisition of Touchland Holding Corp ("Touchland"), the developer of TOUCHLAND® hand sanitizer products (the "Touchland Acquisition"). We paid $656.0, net of cash acquired, at closing and entered an agreement to pay an additional amount based on 2025 net sales thresholds which will result in a cash payment of $159.0 to be paid in the first half of 2026. In addition, the Company granted rights to Touchland’s founder to receive shares of our Common Stock valued at $50.0, with 50% of such shares vesting at each of the first and second year anniversaries of the closing. The value of Common Stock received by Touchland's founder will be recognized as a compensation expense ratably over the two-year vesting period if the individual continues to be employed by the Company. Payment of a $5.0 portion of the purchase price was deferred related to certain indemnification obligations provided by Touchland’s equityholders, which amount, to the extent not used in satisfaction of such indemnity obligations, is payable three years from the closing. The Touchland Acquisition was financed with cash on hand and is managed in the Consumer Domestic and Consumer International segments. Touchland’s annual net sales for the year ended December 31, 2024 were approximately $115.0 million.New Credit AgreementOn July 17, 2025, the Company entered into a new unsecured revolving Credit Agreement (the “Credit Agreement”). The Credit Agreement replaced the Company’s prior $1,500.0 unsecured revolving credit facility that was entered into on June 16, 2022. The aggregate commitments of the lenders under the Credit Agreement, as of the effective date, are $2,000.0, with an option to increase such commitments to $2,750.0 pursuant to the terms therein. The revolving credit facility matures on July 17, 2030, unless extended. The terms of the Credit Agreement are substantially the same as the terms for the credit facility entered into on June 16, 2022.Dividend Increase On January 28, 2026, the Board declared a 4.2% increase in the regular quarterly dividend from $0.295 to $0.3075 per share (equivalent to an annual dividend of $1.23 per share) payable to stockholders of record as of February 13, 2026. The increase raises the annualized dividend payout from $287.0 to approximately $291.0 on an annualized basis. 37 CHURCH & DWIGHT CO., INC AND SUBSIDIARIES(Dollars in millions, except share and per share data) 2025 Financial Highlights Key 2025 financial results include:•Net sales for the year ended December 31, 2025 grew 1.6% over 2024, with gains in Consumer Domestic and Consumer International, partially offset by lower sales in SPD due to divestitures. The 2025 gains include the benefit of recent acquisitions in Consumer Domestic and Consumer International, partially offset by the exit of product lines in all three segments, a decline in vitamin sales in Consumer Domestic and unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates in Consumer International. Excluding these items, Consumer International and SPD experienced favorable volumes and pricing/product mix, partially offset by lower price/mix in Consumer Domestic. •Gross margin decreased 100 basis points (“bps”) to 44.7% in 2025 from 45.7% in 2024, which includes costs associated with exiting the Flawless, Spinbrush, and Waterpik showerheads businesses of 50 bps and an approximate 50 basis point benefit from tariff refunds in the prior year. Excluding these items, gross margin was flat year over year with higher manufacturing costs including tariffs (net of mitigation actions) as well as labor and higher commodities of 180 bps offset by the impact of productivity programs of 160 bps, and benefits from the Touchland Acquisition of 20 bps. •Operating margin increased 410 basis points to 17.4% in 2025 from 13.3% in 2024. o2025 results include non-cash charges associated with exiting the Flawless, Spinbrush, and Waterpik showerheads businesses of $45.6. In connection with the Touchland Acquisition, the Company recorded earnout costs of $19.0 and restricted stock amortization expense of $11.5 within SG&A expenses. We recorded an additional $5.8 of restricted stock amortization associated with the Hero Acquisition and system integration costs of $8.2 in SG&A Expenses. oThe 2024 operating margin includes a non-cash charge of $357.1, related to the impairment of the VITAFUSION and L'IL CRITTERS indefinite-lived trade name as well as a definite-lived customer relationship intangible asset and PP&E specific to the VMS business. oExcluding these charges, operating margin was flat year over year.•We reported diluted net earnings per share in 2025 of $3.02, an increase of approximately 27.4% from 2024 diluted net earnings per share of $2.37. oEarnings per share in 2025 includes charges of $0.18 for the VMS divestiture, $0.14 for business exit related impairments, $0.08 for acquisition-related restricted stock amortization, $0.08 for Touchland Earnout adjustments, and $0.02 for ERP costs. oEarnings per share in 2024 includes the non-cash VMS trade name and other asset impairment charges of $1.10 per share and $0.08 for acquisition-related restricted stock amortization, partially offset by $0.11 for a favorable tariff ruling.oExcluding these charges diluted net earnings per share in 2025 was $3.53, a 2.6% increase compared to diluted earnings per share in 2024 of $3.44. •Cash provided by operations was $1,215.4 in 2025, a $59.2 increase from the prior year primarily driven by higher cash earnings and working capital improvement actions.•We returned $1,187.2 to stockholders in 2025 with $900.0 of share repurchases and $287.2 of cash dividends paid. Strategic Goals, Challenges and Initiatives Our ability to generate sales depends on consumer demand for our products and retail customers’ decisions to carry our products, which are, in part, affected by general economic conditions in our markets. While a vast majority of our products are consumer staples and less vulnerable to decreases in discretionary spending than other products, certain of our products are more likely to be affected by consumer decisions to control spending. Some retail customers have responded to economic conditions by increasing their private label offerings (primarily in the stain fighters, diagnostic kits and oral analgesics categories), launching their own brands, and consolidating the product selections they offer to the top few leading brands in each category. In addition, an increasing portion of our product categories are being sold by club stores, dollar stores, mass merchandisers and internet-based retailers. These factors have placed downward pressure on our sales and gross margins.We intend to continue to aggressively pursue several key strategic initiatives: maintain competitive marketing and trade spending, tightly control our cost structure, expand our online market share by continuing to invest in e-commerce (global on-line sales were 21.4% of 38 CHURCH & DWIGHT CO., INC AND SUBSIDIARIES(Dollars in millions, except share and per share data) consumer sales in 2025), expand our presence and product offerings to consumers outside of the United States, continue to develop and launch new and differentiated products, pursue strategic acquisitions, maintain an offering of premium and value brand products to appeal to a wide range of consumers. Finally we will continue to focus on core growth and have recently announced long-term targets to accelerate our core growth by (1) increasing Arm & Hammer from a $2 billion brand to a $3 billion brand, (2) driving global oral care expansion from $1 billion to $1.5 billion behind TheraBreath, and (3) investing in our international businesses with a focus on M&A to grow from $1 billion to $2 billion. Our global product portfolio consists of both premium (66% of total worldwide consumer revenue in 2025) and value (34% of total worldwide consumer revenue in 2025) brands, which we believe enables us to succeed in a range of economic environments. We intend to continue to develop a portfolio of appealing new products to build loyalty among cost-conscious consumers. We derive a substantial percentage of our revenues from sales of liquid laundry detergent. We continue to evaluate and vigorously address pressures on this business through, among other things, new product introductions and increased marketing and trade spending. Over the past two two decades, we have diversified from an almost exclusively U.S. business to a global company with approximately 18% of sales derived from countries outside of the United States in 2025, and we believe ongoing international expansion represents a significant opportunity to grow our business. We have subsidiary operations in eight countries (Canada, Mexico, U.K., France, Germany, China, Australia, and Japan). We also export products to over 100 other countries through our Global Markets Group using a broad network of third-party distributors. In 2025, we benefited from our expanded global footprint and expect to continue to focus on selectively expanding our global business. We also continue to focus on controlling our costs. Historically, we have been able to mitigate the effects of cost increases including tariffs primarily by implementing cost reduction programs and, to a lesser extent, by passing along cost increases to customers. We have also entered into set pricing and pre-buying arrangements with certain suppliers and hedge agreements for diesel fuel and other commodities. Additionally, our focus on tight cost controls has enabled us to effectively navigate challenging economic conditions. However, the current domestic and international political environment, including existing and potential changes to U.S. policies related to global trade and tariffs, including tariffs imposed by other countries in response to or in anticipation of U.S. tariffs, have resulted in uncertainty regarding the global economy and with respect to our operations and costs. The identification and integration of strategic acquisitions is an important component of our overall strategy and product category diversification. Acquisitions have added significantly to our sales, profits and product category diversification over the last decade. This is evidenced by our 2015 acquisition of certain assets of Varied Industries Corporation, the 2016 acquisitions of Spencer Forrest, Inc., the maker of TOPPIK (the “Toppik Acquisition”), and the ANUSOL and RECTINOL businesses from Johnson & Johnson (the “Anusol Acquisition”), the 2017 acquisitions of the VIVISCAL brand from Lifes2Good Holdings Limited (the “Viviscal Acquisition”), and the WATERPIK brand from Pik Holdings, Inc. (the “Waterpik Acquisition”), the 2020 acquisition of the ZICAM brand from Consumer Health Holdco LLC, the 2021 acquisition of the THERABREATH brand from Dr. Harold Katz, LLC and HK-IP International, Inc, the 2022 acquisition of the HERO brand which includes the MIGHTY PATCH acne treatment products, the 2024 acquisition of Graphico, Inc. (the “Graphico Acquisition”), a Japan-based distributor, and the 2025 acquisition of TOUCHLAND® hand sanitizers. We actively seek acquisitions that fit our guidelines, and our strong financial position provides us with flexibility to take advantage of acquisition opportunities. In addition, our ability to quickly integrate acquisitions and leverage existing infrastructure has enabled us to establish a strong track record in making accretive acquisitions. Since 2001, we have acquired six of our seven “power brands.” We believe we are well positioned to meet the ongoing challenges described above due to our strong financial condition, experience operating in challenging environments, talented and dedicated employees and continued focus on key strategic initiatives. Our focus is to maintain competitive marketing and trade spending, manage our cost structure, continue to develop and launch new and differentiated products, while pursuing strategic acquisitions. This focus, together with the strength of our portfolio of premium and value brands, has enabled us to succeed in a range of economic environments. Moreover, the generation of a significant amount of cash from operations provides us with the financial flexibility to pursue acquisitions, drive new product development, make capital expenditures to support organic growth and gross margin improvements, return cash to stockholders through dividends and share buy backs, and reduce outstanding debt. These factors position us to continue to increase stockholder value over the long-term.For information regarding risks and uncertainties that could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition and cash flows, see “Risk Factors” in Item 1A of this Annual Report. 39 CHURCH & DWIGHT CO., INC AND SUBSIDIARIES(Dollars in millions, except share and per share data) CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES Our Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. (US GAAP). The preparation of these financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. By their nature, these judgments are subject to uncertainty. They are based on our historical experience, our observation of trends in industry, information provided by our customers and information available from other outside sources, as appropriate. Our significant accounting policies and estimates are described below. Revenue Recognition and Promotional and Sales Return ReservesVirtually all of our revenue represents sales of finished goods inventory and is recognized when received or picked up by our customers. The reserves for consumer and trade promotion liabilities and sales returns are established based on our best estimate of the amounts necessary to settle future and existing claims on products sold as of the balance sheet date. Promotional reserves are provided for sales incentives, such as coupons to consumers, and sales incentives provided to customers (such as slotting, cooperative advertising, incentive discounts based on volume of sales and other arrangements made directly with customers). All such costs are netted against sales. Slotting costs are recorded when the product is delivered to the customer. Cooperative advertising costs are recorded when the customer places the advertisement for our products. Discounts relating to price reduction arrangements and coupons are recorded when the related sale takes place. Costs associated with end-aisle or other in-store displays are recorded when product that is subject to the promotion is sold. We rely on historical experience and forecasted data to determine the required reserves. With regard to promotional reserves and sales returns, we use experience-based estimates, customer and sales organization inputs and historical trend analysis in arriving at the reserves required. If our estimates for promotional activities and sales returns reserves were to change by 10%, the impact to promotional spending and sales return accruals would be approximately $12.8. Impairment of Goodwill, Trade Names and Other Intangible Assets The Company has intangible assets of substantial value on its consolidated balance sheet. Intangible assets relate to intangible assets with a useful life, indefinite-lived trade names and goodwill. The Company determines whether an intangible asset (other than goodwill) has a useful life based on multiple factors, including how long the Company intends to generate cash flows from the asset.Intangible assets with a useful life are assessed for impairment when there are business triggering events. Carrying values of goodwill and indefinite-lived trade names are reviewed at least annually for possible impairment.Our impairment analysis is based on a discounted cash flow approach that requires significant judgment with respect to unit volume, revenue and expense growth rates, and the selection of an appropriate discount rate and royalty rate. Management uses estimates based on expected trends in making these assumptions. With respect to goodwill, impairment occurs when the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds the discounted present value of cash flows for that reporting unit. For trade names and other intangible assets, an impairment charge is recorded for the difference between the carrying value and the net present value of estimated future cash flows, which represents the estimated fair value of the asset. Fair value for indefinite-lived intangible assets is estimated based on a "relief from royalty" or "excess earnings" discounted cash flow method, which contains numerous variables that are subject to change as business conditions change, and therefore could impact fair values in the future. Judgment is required in assessing whether assets may have become impaired between annual valuations. Indicators such as unexpected adverse economic factors, unanticipated technological change, distribution losses, or competitive activities and acts by governments and courts may indicate that an asset has become impaired. The result of our annual goodwill impairment test determined that the estimated fair value substantially exceeded the carrying values of all reporting units. We determined that the fair value of all indefinite-lived intangible assets for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2025, exceeded their respective carrying values based upon the forecasted cash flows and profitability, with the exception of our VMS business described below. During the third quarter of 2024, we continued to experience a decline in market share and a deterioration in the financial performance of our VMS business, which includes the VITAFUSION and L'IL CRITTERS trade name, primarily due to significant product competition coming from new category entrants, including private label. The continued decline in profitability caused management to reassess its long-term strategy and financial outlook of the business. The revised financial outlook reflected lower estimates of future sales growth and cash flows which resulted in a triggering event in the third quarter. The triggering event required the Company to review the carrying value of assets supporting the business. The assets supporting the VMS business included the VITAFUSION and L'IL CRITTERS indefinite-lived trade name, a definite-lived customer relationship intangible asset and PP&E specific to our VMS business. 40 CHURCH & DWIGHT CO., INC AND SUBSIDIARIES(Dollars in millions, except share and per share data) We used an excess earnings discounted cash flow model to determine the fair value of the trade name. The assumptions used in the model required significant judgement in determining the expected future cash flows. The key assumptions utilized in our impairment analysis included, but were not limited to, net sales growth rates between -15.2% and 2.1%, EBITA margins in the low single digits, and a discount rate of 8.25%. Estimates were based on market conditions and management’s current expectation of the success of growth and profitability initiatives. The valuation resulted in a full impairment of the $281.3 trade name and a $15.8 impairment for the remaining carrying value of the customer relationship intangible asset. The remaining carry value of both the trade name and customer relationship intangible asset at December 31, 2024 is $0.0. The VMS business was sold in December 2025. Our global WATERPIK business is experiencing customer distribution losses and a decline in consumer demand, mainly due to lower consumer spending and more customers choosing value brands amid inflation. This has reduced sales, profits, and expected cash flows, eroding much of the excess fair value over carrying value for the WATERPIK trade name. As of October 1, 2025, the trade name’s carrying value was $644.7, with fair value at 117% of carrying value, down from 135% in 2024, reflecting falling sales, rising competition, business exits, and margin pressure from higher costs and tariffs. Our impairment analysis used an 8.0% discount rate, projected mid-single- to low double-digit revenue growth, and EBITA margins around 25%, based on current market trends and cost-lowering initiatives. Further declines in performance or adverse changes could trigger an impairment charge for the WATERPIK trade name. It is possible that our conclusions regarding impairment or recoverability of goodwill or other intangible assets could change in future periods if, for example, (i) the businesses or brands do not perform as projected, (ii) overall economic conditions in future years vary from current assumptions (including changes in discount rates and tariffs), (iii) business conditions or strategies change from current assumptions, (iv) investors require higher rates of return on equity investments in the marketplace or (v) enterprise values of comparable publicly traded companies, or actual sales transactions of comparable companies, were to decline, resulting in lower multiples of revenues and EBITDA. A future impairment charge for goodwill or intangible assets could have a material effect on our consolidated financial position or results of operations. Income and other TaxesIncome taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized to reflect the future tax consequences attributable to the differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases, and operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which the differences are expected to be recovered or settled. Management provides a valuation allowance against deferred tax assets for amounts which are not considered “more likely than not” to be realized. We record liabilities for potential assessments in various tax jurisdictions under U.S. GAAP guidelines. The liabilities relate to tax return positions that, although supportable by us, may be challenged by the tax authorities and do not meet the minimum recognition threshold required under applicable accounting guidance for the related tax benefit to be recognized on the income statement. We adjust this liability due to changes in tax legislation, interpretations of laws by courts, guidance and rulings issued by tax authorities, changes in estimates and the expiration of the statute of limitations. Many of the judgments involved in adjusting the liability involve assumptions and estimates that are highly uncertain and subject to change. In this regard, settlement of any issue, or an adverse determination in litigation, with a taxing authority could require the use of cash and result in an increase in our annual effective tax rate. Conversely, favorable resolution of an issue with a taxing authority would be recognized as a reduction to our annual effective tax rate. The Company elected to record the payment of excise tax associated with Treasury Stock purchases in the financing section of the cash flow in accordance with ASC 230.New Accounting Pronouncements Refer to Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report for recently adopted accounting pronouncements and recently issued accounting pronouncements not yet adopted as of December 31, 2025. 41 CHURCH & DWIGHT CO., INC AND SUBSIDIARIES(Dollars in millions, except share and per share data) RESULTS OF OPERATIONS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025, 2024 AND 2023 The discussion of consolidated results of operations presented below is followed by a more detailed discussion of results of operations by segment. This section of this Form 10-K generally discusses 2025 and 2024 results and year-to-year comparisons between 2025 and 2024. Discussions of 2023 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2024 and 2023 that are not included in this Form 10-K can be found in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in Part II, Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024. The segment discussion also addresses certain product line information. Our operating segments are consistent with our reportable segments. The consolidated results of operations presented below include the VitaFusion and L’il Critters brands which were sold to Piping Rock Health Products, Inc. on December 31, 2025.Consolidated results 2025 compared to 2024 Twelve Months Ended Change vs. Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2025 Prior Year December 31, 2024 Net Sales $ 6,203.2 1.6% $ 6,107.1 Gross Profit $ 2,774.8 -0.5% $ 2,790.1 Gross Margin 44.7 % -100 basis points 45.7 % Marketing Expenses $ 708.9 1.5% $ 698.1 Percent of Net Sales 11.4 % 0 basis points 11.4 % Selling, General & Administrative Expenses $ 988.3 6.5% $ 927.8 Percent of Net Sales 15.9 % 70 basis points 15.2 % VMS Trade name and other asset impairments $ 0.0 100.0% $ 357.1 Percent of Net Sales 0.0 % -580 basis points 5.8 % Income from Operations $ 1,077.6 33.5% $ 807.1 Operating Margin 17.4 % 410 basis points 13.3 % Net income per share - Diluted $ 3.02 27.4% $ 2.37 Net Sales Net sales for the year ended December 31, 2025 were $6,203.2, an increase of $96.1, or 1.6% compared to 2024 net sales. The components of the net sales increase are as follows: Net Sales - Consolidated December 31, 2025 Product volumes sold(1) 0.8 % Pricing/Product mix(2) (0.1 %) Exit of product lines(3) (1.0 %) Acquisitions(4) 1.9 % Net Sales increase 1.6 % (1)The volume change reflects increased product unit sales in the Consumer International and SPD segments. Volumes were also impacted by a decline in the vitamin business which was sold on December 31, 2025.(2)Price/mix was unfavorable in the Consumer Domestic segment, partially offset by the SPD and Consumer International segments.(3)In the second quarter of 2025, we announced that we would exit the Flawless, Spinbrush, and Waterpik showerheads businesses. In the first quarter of 2024, we exited the MEGALAC supplement portion of the SPD Animal Nutrition business. In the second quarter of 2024 we sold the Passport food safety business.(4)In the third quarter of 2025, we completed the acquisition of Touchland. In the second quarter of 2024 we acquired substantially all of Graphico, Inc. 42 CHURCH & DWIGHT CO., INC AND SUBSIDIARIES(Dollars in millions, except share and per share data) Gross ProfitOur gross profit for 2025 was $2,774.8, a $15.3 decrease compared to 2024. Gross margin was 44.7% in 2025 compared to 45.7% in 2024, a 100 basis points (“bps”) decrease. The decline in gross margin was due primarily to costs associated with exiting the Flawless, Spinbrush, and Waterpik showerheads businesses of 50 bps and tariff refunds in the prior year of 50 bps. Excluding these items, gross margin was flat compared to the prior year as the impact of higher manufacturing costs of 180 bps (including labor, commodities and tariffs, net of tariff mitigation actions) was offset by the impact of productivity programs of 160 bps, and benefits from the Touchland Acquisition of 20 bps. Operating Costs Marketing expenses for 2025 were $708.9, an increase of $10.8 compared to 2024. Marketing expenses as a percentage of net sales was 11.4% in 2025 and 2024. Marketing as a percentage of net sales was flat compared to 2024, as 20 bps on higher expense as we invest in our brands to drive market share growth and support new products was offset by 20 bps of leverage on higher net sales. SG&A expenses for 2025 were $988.3, an increase of $60.5 compared to 2024. SG&A as a percentage of net sales increased 70 bps to 15.9% in 2025 compared to 15.2% in 2024. The increase is due to 100 bps on higher expenses, primarily due to non-cash asset impairment costs associated with exiting the Flawless, Spinbrush, and Waterpik showerheads businesses of $20.6 and costs associated with the Touchland acquisition of $30.5, offset by 30 bps of leverage associated with higher sales. Nonoperating ExpensesVMS trade name and other asset impairment charges were $357.1 in 2024 related to non-cash charges to reduce the carrying value of intangible assets and property, plant, and equipment related to the VMS business. The impairment was due to a continued decline in market share and a deterioration in the financial performance for the VMS business, which included the VITAFUSION and L'IL CRITTERS trade name, primarily due to significant product competition coming from new category entrants, including private label. See Note 8, “Goodwill and Other Intangibles, Net” to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein for additional information. Interest income was $23.5 in 2025, a decrease of $2.8 as compared to 2024, due to lower interest income associated with slightly lower average cash balances. Interest expense in 2025 was $95.2, a nominal increase of $0.2 as our debt outstanding was consistent year over year. Other expense was $56.9 in 2025 as compared to other income of $8.8 in 2024. The expense in 2025 was primarily due to the VMS divestiture which resulted in a one-time, pre-tax charge of $58.5 in the fourth quarter of 2025 which included non-cash charges, and transition and transaction costs. Other income of $8.8 in 2024 was primarily due to the sale of our 50% interest in Armakleen to our joint venture partner. TaxationThe 2025 effective income tax rate was 23.0% compared to 22.6% in 2024. The increase in the rate is primarily due to lower stock option benefits. Segment results for 2025, 2024 and 2023 We operate three reportable segments: Consumer Domestic, Consumer International and SPD. These segments are determined based on differences in the nature of products and organizational and ownership structures. Segment Products / Other Consumer Domestic Household and personal care products Consumer International Primarily personal care products SPD Specialty Products 43 CHURCH & DWIGHT CO., INC AND SUBSIDIARIES(Dollars in millions, except share and per share data) Segment net sales and income from operations for each of the three years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 were as follows: Consumer Consumer Domestic International SPD Total Net Sales 2025 $ 4,774.8 $ 1,129.4 $ 299.0 $ 6,203.2 2024 4,732.3 1,071.5 303.3 6,107.1 2023 4,571.2 975.7 321.0 5,867.9 Income from Operations 2025(1) $ 920.8 $ 116.2 $ 40.6 $ 1,077.6 2024(2) 684.9 83.1 39.1 807.1 2023 929.7 104.2 23.5 1,057.4 (1)2025 results include non-cash charges associated with exiting the Flawless, Spinbrush, and Waterpik showerheads businesses of $45.6 of which $25.0 was recorded in Cost of Goods Sold and $20.6 was recorded in SG&A expenses. In connection with the Touchland Acquisition, the Company recorded earnout costs of $19.0 and restricted stock amortization expense of $11.5 within SG&A expenses. We recorded $5.8 of restricted stock amortization associated with the Hero Acquisition and system integration costs of $8.2 in SG&A Expenses. The above-mentioned costs were primarily recorded in the Consumer Domestic Segment.(2)2024 results include the VMS non-cash intangible and PP&E impairment charges of $357.1 in SG&A expenses, of which $327.4 was recorded in the Consumer Domestic segment and $29.7 was recorded in the Consumer International segment.Product line revenues for external customers for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 were as follows: 2025 2024 2023 Household Products $ 2,556.9 $ 2,584.3 $ 2,484.1 Personal Care Products 2,217.9 2,148.0 2,087.1 Total Consumer Domestic 4,774.8 4,732.3 4,571.2 Total Consumer International 1,129.4 1,071.5 975.7 Total SPD 299.0 303.3 321.0 Total Consolidated Net Sales $ 6,203.2 $ 6,107.1 $ 5,867.9 Household Products include deodorizing, cleaning and laundry products. Personal Care Products include condoms, pregnancy kits, oral care products, skin care products, hair care products and gummy dietary supplements. 44 CHURCH & DWIGHT CO., INC AND SUBSIDIARIES(Dollars in millions, except share and per share data) Consumer Domestic 2025 compared to 2024Consumer Domestic net sales in 2025 were $4,774.8, an increase of $42.5 or 0.9% compared to net sales of $4,732.3 in 2024. The components of the net sales change are the following: Net Sales - Consumer Domestic December 31, 2025 Product volumes sold 0.0 % Pricing/Product mix (0.5 %) Acquisitions(1) 2.2 % Exit of product lines(2) (0.8 %) Net Sales increase 0.9 % (1)The Touchland acquisition is included in our results since July 16, 2025, the date of acquisition.(2)In the second quarter of 2025, we announced that we would exit the Flawless, Spinbrush, and Waterpik showerheads businesses.The increase in net sales for 2025 reflects the impact of the Touchland® Acquisition and growth from THERABREATH® mouth wash, HERO® acne treatment products, ARM & HAMMER® liquid detergent, ARM & HAMMER® detergent sheets, and ARM & HAMMER® scent boosters, partially offset by declines in VITAFUSION® and L’IL CRITTERS® gummy vitamins, OXICLEAN® stain removers, WATERPIK® Oral Care and FINISHING TOUCH FLAWLESS® hair removal products. Consumer Domestic income from operations for 2025 was $920.8, a $235.9 increase as compared to 2024. Income from operations was impacted for the year ended 2025 by non-cash charges associated with exiting the Flawless, Spinbrush, and Waterpik showerheads businesses of $45.6 and transaction-related costs of $30.5 relating to the Touchland Acquisition. Income from operations was impacted for the year ended 2024 by the VMS non-cash intangible and PP&E impairment charges of $327.4. Excluding these non-cash charges, Consumer Domestic income from operations decreased by $15.4 driven by higher manufacturing and distribution expenses of $130.3, and unfavorable price/mix of $24.8, partially offset by the benefit of productivity programs of $89.1, higher sales volumes of $39.5, lower marketing expenses of $5.8, and lower SG&A expenses of $5.3.Consumer International 2025 compared to 2024Consumer International net sales in 2025 were $1,129.4, an increase of $57.9 or 5.4% as compared to 2024. The components of the net sales change are the following: Net Sales - Consumer International December 31, 2025 Product volumes sold 4.9 % Pricing/Product mix 0.6 % Foreign exchange rate fluctuations (0.2 %) Exit of product lines(1) (0.9 %) Acquisitions(2) 1.0 % Net Sales increase 5.4 % (1)In the second quarter of 2025, we announced that we would exit the Flawless, Spinbrush, and Waterpik showerheads businesses.(2)The Touchland acquisition has been included in our results since July 16, 2025, the date of acquisition. The Graphico Acquisition has been included in our results since June 1, 2024, the date of acquisition.Excluding the impact of foreign exchange rates and the Touchland and Graphico acquisitions, the increase in net sales for the year ended December 31, 2025, was driven by HERO® acne treatment products in Canada, GMG, Germany, UK, France, Australia, and Mexico, THERABREATH® mouth wash in GMG, Canada, Mexico, and Australia, FEMFRESH in GMG, and ARM & HAMMER® Baking Soda in GMG. 45 CHURCH & DWIGHT CO., INC AND SUBSIDIARIES(Dollars in millions, except share and per share data) Consumer International income from operations was $116.2 in 2025, an increase of $33.1 compared to 2024. Income from operations was impacted for the year ended 2025 by the non-cash charges associated with exiting the Flawless, Spinbrush, and Waterpik showerheads businesses of $3.8 and in the year ended 2024 by the VMS non-cash intangible and PP&E impairment charges of $29.7. Excluding the non-cash impairment charges, Consumer International income from operations increased $7.2 and was driven by higher sales volumes of $19.1, favorable price/mix of $17.0, and lower manufacturing and commodity costs of $6.3, partially offset by higher SG&A expenses of $16.8, higher marketing expenses of $15.6, and unfavorable foreign exchange rates of $2.8.Specialty Products 2025 compared to 2024SPD net sales were $299.0 for 2025, a decrease of $4.3, or 1.4% compared to 2024. The components of the net sales change are the following: Net Sales - SPD December 31, 2025 Product volumes sold 0.3 % Pricing/Product mix 2.3 % Foreign exchange rate fluctuations 0.3 % Exit of product lines (1) (4.3 %) Net Sales decrease (1.4 %) (1) We exited the MEGALAC supplement portion of the Animal Nutrition business in the first quarter of 2024 and sold the Passport food safety business in the second quarter of 2024. Net sales excluding product line divestitures increased in the year ended December 31, 2025 primarily due to growth in our sodium bicarbonate and animal nutrition businesses.SPD income from operations was $40.6 in 2025, an increase of $1.5 compared to 2024. The increase in income from operations for 2025 is due to favorable price/mix of $6.5, and lower SG&A costs of $3.5, partially offset by unfavorable manufacturing costs of $6.2, lower sales volumes of $1.5, and higher marketing expenses of $0.8. Equity in Earnings of Affiliates Equity in earnings of affiliates represents the results of Armand for the three years ended 2025, 2024, and 2023 and ArmaKleen for the two years ended 2024 and 2023. In October 2024, the Company sold its 50% interest in ArmaKleen to our joint venture partner. Liquidity and Capital ResourcesOn July 17, 2025, the Company entered into a new unsecured revolving Credit Agreement (the “Credit Agreement”). The Credit Agreement replaced the Company’s prior $1,500.0 unsecured revolving credit facility that was entered into on June 16, 2022. The aggregate commitments of the lenders under the Credit Agreement, as of the effective date, are $2,000.0, with an option to increase such commitments to $2,750.0 pursuant to the terms therein. The revolving credit facility matures on July 17, 2030, unless extended. Borrowings under the Credit Agreement are available for general corporate purposes and are used to support our $2,000.0 commercial paper program. As of December 31, 2025, we had $409.0 in cash and cash equivalents, and approximately $1,993.0 available through the Revolving Credit Facility and our commercial paper program. To preserve our liquidity, we invest cash primarily in government money market funds, prime money market funds, short-term commercial paper and short-term bank deposits. On October 31, 2022, we issued $500.0 aggregate principal amount of 5.60% Senior Notes due 2032 (the “2032 Notes”). The proceeds from the sale of the 2032 Notes were used to repay commercial paper debt incurred to finance the Hero Acquisition, and related fees and expenses. The 2032 Notes will mature on November 15, 2032, unless earlier retired or redeemed pursuant to the terms of the supplemental indenture governing the terms of the 2032 Notes. On June 2, 2022, we issued $500.0 aggregate principal amount of 5.00% Senior Notes due 2052 (the “2052 Notes”). In July 2022 a portion of the proceeds from the sale of the 2052 Notes were used to repay all of our outstanding $300.0 2.45% Senior Notes due August 1, 2022. The 2052 Notes will mature on June 15, 2052, unless earlier retired or redeemed pursuant to the terms of the supplemental indenture governing the terms of the 2052 Notes. 46 CHURCH & DWIGHT CO., INC AND SUBSIDIARIES(Dollars in millions, except share and per share data) On December 22, 2021, we entered into a $400.0 unsecured term loan facility (as amended on June 16, 2022, the “Term Loan Facility”) with various banks. The loan under the Term Loan Facility (the “Term Loan”) was fully drawn at closing. The Term Loan was due on December 22, 2024. The interest rate was the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (“SOFR”) plus a spread and an applicable margin based on the Company’s credit rating, which can range from 60 basis points to 125 bps. The proceeds of the Term Loan were used to partially fund the TheraBreath Acquisition, with the remaining proceeds used for the repayment of commercial paper. In 2023, we repaid $200.0 of the Term Loan with cash on hand and commercial paper borrowings. In the first quarter of 2024, we repaid the remaining $200.0 of the Term Loan with cash on hand. Additionally, we financed the TheraBreath Acquisition with a portion of the proceeds from an underwritten public offering of $400.0 aggregate principal amount of 2.3% Senior Notes due 2031 (the “2031 Notes”) completed on December 10, 2021. The 2031 Notes will mature on December 15, 2031, unless earlier retired or redeemed pursuant to the terms of the supplemental indenture governing the terms of the 2031 Notes. We financed the Waterpik Acquisition with a portion of the proceeds from an underwritten public offering of $1,425.0 aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes completed on July 25, 2017, consisting of $300.0 aggregate principal amount of Floating Rate Senior Notes that were due in 2019 and have been fully repaid, $300.0 aggregate principal amount of 2.45% Senior Notes that were due in 2022 and have been fully repaid, $425.0 aggregate principal amount of 3.15% Senior Notes due 2027 and $400.0 aggregate principal amount of 3.95% Senior Notes due 2047. In 2015, we initiated a Supply Chain Finance program (“SCF Program”). Under the SCF Program, qualifying suppliers may elect to sell their receivables from us for early payment. Participating suppliers negotiate their receivables sales arrangements directly with a third party. We are not party to those agreements and do not have an economic interest in the supplier’s decision to sell their receivables. The SCF Program may allow suppliers more favorable terms than they could secure on their own. The terms of our payment obligations are not impacted by a supplier’s participation in the SCF Program. Our payment terms with suppliers are consistent between suppliers that elect to participate in the SCF Program and those that do not participate. As a result, the program does not have an impact to our average days outstanding. All amounts outstanding to suppliers participating in the SCF Program are recorded within Accounts Payable in our Consolidated Balance Sheets, and the associated payments are included in operating activities within our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.The current economic environment presents risks that could have adverse consequences for our liquidity. See the discussion of this and other risks under “Risk Factors” in Item 1A of this Annual Report. We continue to manage all aspects of our business including, but not limited to, monitoring the financial health of our customers, suppliers and other third-party relationships, implementing gross margin enhancement strategies and developing new opportunities for growth. We do not anticipate that current economic conditions will adversely affect our ability to comply with the financial covenant in the Credit Agreement because we currently are, and anticipate that we will continue to be, in compliance with the maximum leverage ratio requirement under the Credit Agreement. On October 28, 2021, the Board authorized the Company’s share repurchase program, under which we may repurchase up to $1,000.0 in shares of Common Stock (the “2021 Share Repurchase Program”). The 2021 Share Repurchase Program does not have an expiration and replaced the 2017 Share Repurchase Program. As a result of our stock repurchases, there remains $228.9 of share repurchase availability under the 2021 Share Repurchase Program as of December 31, 2025. The 2021 Share Repurchase Program did not modify our evergreen share repurchase program, authorized by the Board on January 29, 2014, under which we may repurchase, from time to time, Common Stock to reduce or eliminate dilution associated with issuances of Common Stock under our incentive plans. In May 2025, we entered into an accelerated share repurchase ("ASR") contract with a commercial bank to purchase Common Stock. We paid $300.0 to the bank, inclusive of fees, and received 2.8 million shares in May 2025 and 0.3 million shares in August 2025 at an average total share price of $95.71. We purchased all 3.1 million shares under the evergreen share repurchase program and used cash on hand to fund the purchase price. In August and September 2025, we executed open market purchases of 3.2 million shares for $300.0, inclusive of fees, of which $170.0 was purchased under the evergreen share repurchase program and $130.0 was purchased under the 2021 Share Repurchase Program. The shares were purchased at an average share price of $92.81 and we used cash on hand to fund the open market purchases. 47 CHURCH & DWIGHT CO., INC AND SUBSIDIARIES(Dollars in millions, except share and per share data) In November and December 2025, we executed open market purchases of 3.6 million shares for $300.0, inclusive of fees, of which all 3.6 million shares were purchased under the 2021 Share Repurchase Program. The shares were purchased at an average share price of $83.59 and the Company used cash on hand to fund the open market purchases.On January 28, 2026, the Board declared a 4.2% increase in the regular quarterly dividend from $0.295 to $0.3075 per share (equivalent to an annual dividend of $1.23 per share) payable to stockholders of record as of February 13, 2026. The increase raises the annualized dividend payout from $287.0 to approximately $291.0 on an annualized basis. We anticipate that our cash from operations, together with our current borrowing capacity, will be sufficient to fund our share repurchase programs to the extent implemented by management, pay debt and interest as it comes due, pay dividends at the latest approved rate, and meet our capital expenditure program costs, which are expected to be approximately $130.0 in 2026 including manufacturing capacity investments for TheraBreath and Sterimar and an ERP project. Cash, together with our current borrowing capacity, may be used for acquisitions that would complement our existing product lines or geographic markets. 48 CHURCH & DWIGHT CO., INC AND SUBSIDIARIES(Dollars in millions, except share and per share data) Cash Flow Analysis Year Ended December 31, December 31, December 31, 2025 2024 2023 Net cash provided by operating activities $ 1,215.4 $ 1,156.2 $ 1,030.6 Net cash used in investing activities $ (616.9 ) $ (183.3 ) $ (234.3 ) Net cash used in financing activities $ (1,162.4 ) $ (343.4 ) $ (725.6 ) 2025 compared to 2024Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities – Our primary source of liquidity is our cash flow provided by operating activities, which is dependent on the level of net income and changes in working capital. Our net cash provided by operating activities in 2025 increased by $59.2 to $1,215.4 as compared to $1,156.2 in 2024 due to an increase in cash earnings (net income adjusted for non-cash items) including a benefit related to the OBBBA, and a decrease in working capital. We measure working capital effectiveness based on our cash conversion cycle. The following table presents our cash conversion cycle information for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024: As of December 31, 2025 December 31, 2024 Change Days of sales outstanding in accounts receivable ("DSO") 35 34 1 Days of inventory outstanding ("DIO") 62 67 (5 ) Days of accounts payable outstanding ("DPO") 77 73 (4 ) Cash conversion cycle 20 28 (8 ) Our cash conversion cycle (defined as the sum of DSO plus DIO less DPO) at December 31, 2025, which is calculated using a two period average method, decreased eight days from the prior year. The decrease in DIO is primarily due to a greater focus on inventory management in a volatile environment. The increase in DPO is primarily from higher average accounts payable balances from extending payment terms with some vendors. We continue to focus on reducing our working capital requirements. Net Cash Used in Investing Activities – Net cash used in investing activities during 2025 was $616.9, primarily reflecting property, plant and equipment additions of $122.4 and $656.0 for the Touchland Acquisition, partially offset by $160.3 of proceeds from the VMS Divestiture. Net cash used in investing activities during 2024 was $183.3, primarily reflecting property, plant and equipment additions of $179.8 and $19.9 for the Graphico Acquisition, partially offset by $14.0 of proceeds from the sale of assets (including the ArmaKleen joint venture). Net Cash Used in Financing Activities – Net cash used in financing activities during the twelve months of 2025 was $1,162.4, reflecting $900.0 of treasury stock purchases and $287.2 of cash dividend payments, partially offset by $35.6 of proceeds from stock option exercises. Net cash used in financing activities during the twelve months of 2024 was $343.4, reflecting $208.2 of net debt payments and $277.0 of cash dividend payments, partially offset by $142.9 of proceeds from stock option exercises. 49 CHURCH & DWIGHT CO., INC AND SUBSIDIARIES(Dollars in millions, except share and per share data) OTHER ITEMS Market risk Concentration of RiskA group of four customers accounted for approximately 44%, 43% and 44% of consolidated net sales in 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively, of which a single customer (Walmart Inc. and its affiliates) accounted for approximately 23%, 23%, and 23% in 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Interest Rate RiskWe had outstanding total debt at December 31, 2025, of $2,205.1, net of debt issuance costs, all of which has a fixed weighted average interest rate of 4.1%. From time to time the Company will enter into interest rate lock agreements to hedge the risk of changes in the interest payments attributable to changes in the interest rate associated with anticipated issuances of debt. Other Market RisksWe are also subject to market risks relating to our diesel and other commodity costs, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, and changes in the market price of our Common Stock. Refer to Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report for a discussion of these market risks and the derivatives used to manage the risks associated with changing diesel fuel and other commodity prices, foreign exchange rates and the price of our Common Stock.