# Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk (Item 7A)

*Filing:* 10-K 2026-01-29 (accession 0001373715-26-000007)
*Length:* 7,668 chars  *Confidence:* high

---

Item 7A. Qualitative and Quantitative Disclosures About Market RiskForeign Currency Exchange RiskWe have foreign currency risks related to our revenue and operating expenses denominated in currencies other than the U.S. Dollar, primarily the Euro and British Pound Sterling. We are a net receiver of Euro and British Pound Sterling, and therefore benefit from a weakening of the U.S. Dollar relative to these currencies and, conversely, are adversely affected by a strengthening of the U.S. Dollar relative to these currencies. Revenues denominated in U.S. Dollar as a percentage of total revenues were 71% for each of the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023.A hypothetical 10% increase in the U.S. Dollar against other currencies would have resulted in a decrease in operating income of $177 million, $150 million and $107 million for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. This analysis disregards the impact from the Company’s cash flow hedging program and possibilities that rates can move in opposite directions and that losses from one geographic area may be offset by gains from another geographic area.To mitigate our risks associated with fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, we enter into foreign currency forward contracts to hedge a portion of our net outstanding monetary assets, liabilities and forecasted foreign currency denominated revenues and operating expenses. These foreign currency forward contracts are intended to offset gains or losses related to remeasuring monetary assets and liabilities and to reduce foreign exchange impact on our forecasted revenues and operating expenses. Derivative contracts related to hedging of forecasted revenues and operating expenses are designated as cash flow hedges for accounting purposes. For contracts qualifying as cash flow hedges, the derivative’s gain or loss is initially reported as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and subsequently reclassified into earnings in the same period the forecasted transaction affects earnings. For contracts not designated as cash flow hedges for accounting purposes, the derivative’s gain or loss is recognized immediately in earnings within our consolidated statements of comprehensive income.A sensitivity analysis performed on our cash flow hedge portfolio relating to the hedging of forecasted revenues as of December 31, 2025 and 2024 indicated that a hypothetical 10% depreciation of the U.S. Dollar from its value as of December 31, 2025 and 2024 would decrease the fair value of our foreign currency contracts by $199 million and $164 million, respectively.A sensitivity analysis performed on our cash flow hedge portfolio relating to the hedging of forecasted operating expenses as of December 31, 2025 indicated that a hypothetical 10% appreciation of the U.S. Dollar from its value as of December 31, 2025 would decrease the fair value of our foreign currency contracts by $18 million. These foreign currency forward contracts expose us to credit risk to the extent that the counterparties may be unable to meet the terms of the arrangement. We mitigate this credit risk by transacting with major financial institutions with high credit ratings. While the contract or notional amount is often used to express the volume of foreign currency derivative contracts, the amounts potentially subject to credit risk are generally limited to the amounts, if any, by which the counterparties’ obligations under the agreements exceed our obligations to the counterparties. We are not required to pledge, and are not entitled to receive, cash collateral related to these derivative instruments. We do not enter into derivative contracts for trading or speculative purposes. Refer to Note 8 “Derivative Contracts” in the notes to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information.64 Table of ContentsPart IIInterest Rate SensitivityWe had an aggregate of $10.1 billion in cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities and long-term marketable securities as of December 31, 2025. This amount was invested primarily in money market funds, certificates of deposit, corporate notes and bonds, government and agency securities and other debt securities with a minimum rating of BBB by Standard & Poor’s, Baa2 by Moody’s or BBB by Fitch. The primary objectives of our investment activities are the preservation of capital and support of our liquidity requirements. Our marketable securities and long-term marketable securities are exposed to market risk due to fluctuations in interest rates, which may affect our interest income and the fair market value of our investments. As of December 31, 2025, a hypothetical 100 basis point increase in interest rates would have resulted in an approximate $62 million decline of the fair value of our available-for-sale debt securities. This estimate is based on a sensitivity model that measures market value changes when changes in interest rates occur.As of December 31, 2024, we had an aggregate of $9.9 billion in cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities and long-term marketable securities, and a hypothetical 100 basis point increase in interest rates would have resulted in an approximate $78 million decline in the fair value of our available-for-sale debt securities. Market RiskIn August 2020, we issued 1.40% fixed rate ten-year notes with an aggregate principal amount of $1.5 billion due on September 1, 2030. The 2030 Notes were issued at 99.63% of principal and we incurred approximately $13 million of debt issuance costs. Interest is payable semi-annually in arrears on March 1 and September 1 of each year, beginning on March 1, 2021, and the entire outstanding principal amount is due at maturity on September 1, 2030. The 2030 Notes are unsecured obligations and the indentures governing the 2030 Notes contain customary events of default and covenants that, among others and subject to exceptions, restrict our ability to incur or guarantee debt secured by liens on specified assets or enter into sale and lease-back transactions with respect to specified properties. We hold cash balances with multiple financial institutions in various countries and these balances routinely exceed deposit insurance limits.As of December 31, 2025 and 2024, we had $1,542 million and $472 million, respectively, of strategic investments in privately held companies. Our strategic investments are predominantly comprised of non-marketable equity investments and are primarily accounted for using: (i) measurement alternative which measures the investments at cost minus impairment, if any, and adjusted for observable transactions for the same or similar investments of the same issuer and (ii) equity method which measures the investment at cost minus impairment, plus or minus our share of equity method investee income or loss. For those non-marketable equity investments using measurement alternative, recording upward and downward adjustments to the carrying value of these non-marketable equity investments requires quantitative assessments of the fair value of our non-marketable equity investments using various valuation methodologies and involves the use of estimates. The timing and amount of observable price changes are influenced by market dynamics that can impact the valuation of our non-marketable equity investments. These changes could be material based on market conditions and events. All of our strategic investments in privately held companies are subject to a risk of partial or total loss of invested capital. 2025 Annual Report65Table of ContentsPart II