# Legal Proceedings (Item 3)

*Filing:* 10-K 2026-01-29 (accession 0001628280-26-003942)
*Length:* 41,790 chars  *Confidence:* high

---

Item 3.Legal ProceedingsAs a multinational company with a complex and evolving business, we are, and expect to continue to be, subject to numerous claims, litigation, regulatory, tax, and government inquiries and investigations, and other legal proceedings in jurisdictions around the world. Although we believe many of these matters are without merit and are vigorously defending them, we may not be successful. Any litigation to which we are a party may be resolved adversely or we may be subject to an unfavorable judgment that may not be reversed upon appeal. We may also decide to settle litigation, disputes, or other legal proceedings in some instances on terms that are unfavorable to us. In addition, we may become subject to orders or consent decrees imposed by government or regulatory authorities. Any such developments could cause us to incur substantial costs, expose us to civil and criminal liability (including liability for our personnel) or penalties (including substantial monetary remedies), interrupt or require us to change our business practices in a manner materially adverse to our business (including changes to our products and services or user data practices), result in negative publicity and reputational harm, divert resources and the time and attention of management from our business, or subject us to other structural or behavioral remedies that adversely affect our business. We have experienced such outcomes to varying degrees in the past, and we expect to continue to face a challenging litigation and regulatory environment, including in light of complex and evolving laws and regulations, as well as the scale of our business and the size of our user and advertiser base. Over the last several years, the number and potential significance of the litigation and investigations involving the company have increased, and there can be no assurance that this trend will not continue. For example, we are facing numerous cases in the United States in which plaintiffs are attempting to avoid or limit the application of Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act to their claims and certain of those matters have survived motions to dismiss, including through the use of products liability and/or breach of contract theories. Outside of the United States, we are subject to relatively new regulatory regimes, including the Digital Services Act, Digital Markets Act, EU AI Act and similar statutes in non-EU countries such as the UK Digital Markets, Competition and Consumer Act, and new fining guidelines under existing regulatory regimes like the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). We are facing inquiries and investigations regarding various aspects of our regulatory compliance, as well as private litigation in Europe, including class and mass actions, claiming damages (including for loss of control of data without other damage) and/or injunctions in respect of alleged failings to comply with such regulatory requirements. We are also responding to litigation and government investigations related to our alleged role in causing or contributing to various societal harms, including mental and physical health and safety impacts on users, particularly younger users, child and adult sexual exploitation, illegal activity with respect to drugs, fraud, unlawful discrimination, and other harms potentially impacting large numbers of people. This is in addition to significant tax, competition and antitrust, stockholder, commercial, consumer, intellectual property, and privacy litigation and investigations. Furthermore, as the number of our users and amount of our revenue have grown, our potential exposure to substantial damages awards and fines has increased, including through class action litigations and other legal proceedings under statutory regimes permitting penalties or damages on a per-violation basis or based on a percentage of global revenue. The maximum aggregate monetary damages or penalties sought across our various legal proceedings could amount to an aggregate of up to hundreds of billions of dollars and, as a result, could be material to the financial condition of the company.In some instances, particularly with novel legal and factual claims, new regulatory regimes or statutes that have not previously been enforced, or where the nature or type of enforcement pursued against us is novel, it can be very difficult to assess the likelihood or extent of potential liabilities, including the nature and extent of injunctive or other non-monetary relief and the applicability and amount of any potential forfeitures, disgorgement, fines or penalties. While we have identified 51Table of Contentsbelow certain matters that we believe to be material, there can be no assurance that additional material losses or limitations on our activities will not result from claims that have not yet been asserted or are not yet determined to be material.Privacy and Related MattersBeginning on March 20, 2018, multiple putative class actions were filed in state and federal courts in the United States and elsewhere against us and certain of our directors and officers alleging various causes of action in connection with our platform and user data practices as well as the misuse of certain data by a developer that shared such data with third parties in violation of our terms and policies, and seeking unspecified damages and injunctive relief. With respect to the putative class actions alleging fraud and violations of consumer protection, privacy, and other laws in connection with the same matters, several of the cases brought on behalf of consumers in the United States were consolidated in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California (In re Facebook, Inc., Consumer Privacy User Profile Litigation). On December 22, 2022, the parties entered into a settlement agreement to resolve the lawsuit, which provided for a payment of $725 million by us and became final on May 14, 2025. In addition, our platform and user data practices, as well as the events surrounding the misuse of certain data by a developer, became the subject of U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC), state attorneys general, and other government inquiries in the United States, Europe, and other jurisdictions. We entered into a settlement and modified consent order to resolve the FTC inquiry, which took effect in April 2020 and required us to pay a penalty of $5.0 billion and to significantly enhance our practices and processes for privacy compliance and oversight. In addition, in December 2025, we entered into a settlement agreement with California to resolve its lawsuit alleging violations of consumer protection laws, which is subject to court approval. Certain other state attorneys general inquiries and litigation and certain government inquiries in other jurisdictions remain ongoing and could subject us to additional substantial fines and costs, require us to change our business practices, divert resources and the attention of management from our business, or adversely affect our business. On June 1, 2023, the court presiding over the lawsuit filed by the District of Columbia granted our motion for summary judgment, resolving the case in our favor. On June 29, 2023, the District of Columbia filed a notice of appeal. The appeal was heard on January 30, 2025 and on July 31, 2025, the District of Columbia Court of Appeals reversed the decision on procedural grounds and remanded the matter to the lower court. Trial in the New Mexico Attorney General's case, which has expanded to include various claims related to content moderation issues, is scheduled to begin on September 8, 2026. On July 16, 2021, a stockholder derivative action was filed in Delaware Court of Chancery against certain of our directors and officers asserting breach of fiduciary duty and related claims relating to our historical platform and user data practices, as well as our settlement with the FTC. On July 20, 2021, other stockholders filed an amended derivative complaint in a related Delaware Chancery Court action, asserting breach of fiduciary duty and related claims against certain of our current and former directors and officers in connection with our historical platform and user data practices. On November 4, 2021, the lead plaintiffs filed a second amended and consolidated complaint in the stockholder derivative action. The pending consolidated matter is In re Facebook Inc. Derivative Litigation. On January 19, 2022, we filed a motion to dismiss, which was denied in part on May 10, 2023. The insider trading claim was dismissed as to all defendants except Mark Zuckerberg, and the motion was denied as to the breach of fiduciary duty claims. Trial began on July 16, 2025. On July 17, 2025, the parties agreed to a settlement in principle to resolve all claims in the action, which is subject to court approval.On May 3, 2023, the FTC filed a public administrative proceeding (In the Matter of Facebook, Inc.) seeking substantial changes to the modified consent order, which took effect in April 2020 after its entry by the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia. The changes sought by the FTC are set forth in a proposed order and include, among others, a prohibition on our use of minors' data for any commercial purposes, changes to the composition of our board of directors, and significant limitations on our ability to modify and launch new products. On May 31, 2023, we filed a motion before the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia seeking to enjoin the FTC from further pursuing its agency process to modify the modified consent order. On November 27, 2023, the district court denied our motion, and we then appealed to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit (U.S. v. Facebook, Inc.) and sought to stay the FTC proceeding pending resolution of the appeal. Our motion for a stay pending appeal was denied in March 2024. After the underlying appeal was briefed and oral argument was held on November 5, 2024, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit issued its decision on May 16, 2025, reversing the district court's denial of our motion on jurisdictional grounds, and directed the district court to consider the merits of our arguments. On July 10, 2025, the case was remanded to the district court to consider our claims in light of the Court of Appeals' determination that the district court retains jurisdiction over the entirety of the consent order. On December 23, 2025, the district court ordered a schedule for supplemental briefing in light of the Court of Appeals decision, with briefing due to be complete by May 2026.On November 29, 2023, we separately filed a complaint, also in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia (Meta Platforms, Inc. v. FTC), asserting constitutional challenges to the structure of the FTC, and seeking to preliminarily enjoin the FTC proceeding during the pendency of the litigation. On December 13, 2023, the FTC filed an opposition to our 52Table of Contentsmotion for preliminary injunction and a motion to dismiss the complaint. On March 14, 2024, the district court denied our motion to preliminarily enjoin the FTC proceeding during the pendency of the litigation, and also denied the FTC's motion to dismiss our complaint without prejudice, pending the U.S. Supreme Court's decision in SEC v. Jarkesy (Jarkesy). Our motion for a stay of the FTC proceeding pending appeal was denied in March 2024. Both the district court action and the appeal were stayed pending the Supreme Court's decision in Jarkesy. Following the Supreme Court's ruling in Jarkesy on June 27, 2024, the government filed a renewed motion to dismiss, which was fully briefed as of October 18, 2024. On June 29, 2025, the district court granted our request for a stay in light of the Court of Appeals' May 16, 2025 decision in the jurisdictional case, and on January 20, 2026, the district court continued the stay and ordered the parties to file a status update by June 8, 2026.On April 1, 2024, we filed our response to the FTC's Order to Show Cause, arguing, among other things, that the Order to Show Cause proceeding was legally improper. Per FTC orders, we completed briefing on threshold legal issues on July 18, 2024, and the FTC held oral argument before the Commissioners on those issues on November 12, 2024. On January 10, 2025, the Commission issued a decision on certain threshold legal issues, including that the Commission has statutory authority to modify consent orders. The Commission stated that its decision is subject to Meta's jurisdictional challenges then pending before the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit in U.S. v. Facebook, Inc., and that the nature and scope of any further administrative proceedings would be addressed at a later date. On July 30, 2025, the Commission issued an order staying the Order to Show Cause proceeding pending final resolution of the two judicial cases we filed challenging the proceeding. Through the administrative process, the FTC could amend the order to impose the additional requirements set forth in the proposed order. We should have the opportunity to appeal an FTC decision modifying the order and could request the appellate court to stay the enforcement of the modifications to the order while the appeal is pending. It is unclear whether the appeal or the request for a stay would be successful.We also notify the Irish Data Protection Commission (IDPC), our lead European Union privacy regulator under the GDPR, of certain other personal data breaches and privacy issues, issue similar notifications to European regulators under other laws (such as UK GDPR and Member State implementations of the ePrivacy Directive), and are subject to inquiries and investigations by the IDPC and other European regulators regarding various aspects of our regulatory compliance. For example, the IDPC is continuing to assess the compliance of our "subscription for no ads" consent model with requirements under the GDPR. In addition, on May 12, 2023, the IDPC issued a Final Decision concluding that Meta Platforms Ireland's reliance on Standard Contractual Clauses in respect of certain transfers of European Economic Area (EEA) Facebook user data was not in compliance with the GDPR. The IDPC issued an administrative fine of EUR €1.2 billion as well as corrective orders requiring Meta Platforms Ireland to suspend the relevant transfers and to bring its processing operations into compliance with Chapter V GDPR by ceasing the unlawful processing, including storage, of such data in the United States. We are appealing this Final Decision and it is currently subject to a stay from the Irish High Court. We have also implemented steps to comply with the above corrective orders and are pending the IDPC's confirmation that these address the corrective orders. For additional information, see Part I, Item 1A, "Risk Factors—Our business is subject to complex and evolving U.S. and foreign laws and regulations regarding privacy, data use, data combination, data protection, content, competition, youth, safety, consumer protection, advertising, e-commerce, and other matters" in this Annual Report on Form 10‑K. Any such inquiries or investigations (including the IDPC proceedings) could subject us to substantial fines and costs, require us to change our business practices, divert resources and the attention of management from our business, lead to additional claims from users, or adversely affect our business. In addition, we are subject to individual and class actions in Europe relating to matters that are or have been the subject of regulatory investigations.Beginning on June 7, 2021, multiple putative class actions were filed against us alleging that we improperly received individuals' information from third-party websites or apps via our business tools in violation of our terms and various state and federal laws and seeking unspecified damages and injunctive relief (for example, In re Meta Pixel Healthcare Litigation; In re Meta Pixel Tax Filing Cases; Frasco v. Flo Health, Inc.; Doe v. Hey Favor, Inc. et al.; Doe v. GoodRx Holdings, Inc. et al. in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California; and Rickwalder, et al. v. Meta Platforms, Inc. in the Santa Clara County Superior Court). These cases are in different stages, but several of our motions to dismiss have been denied in whole or in part, while certain others have been granted in whole or in part. In Rickwalder, the Superior Court denied plaintiffs' motion for class certification and the plaintiffs have appealed that decision. In Flo Health, on August 1, 2025, a jury returned a verdict on liability in favor of the plaintiffs and on behalf of a California subclass on the sole claim remaining against Meta under Section 632 of the California Invasion of Privacy Act. Plaintiffs are seeking $5,000 in statutory damages per class member and have asserted that there are up to approximately 1.6 million class members. The amount of potential damages is uncertain at this time. In addition, we are subject to individual and class actions in Europe, as well as regulatory investigations in the United States, Europe, and elsewhere, relating to similar matters with regard to our business tools.53Table of ContentsCompetitionWe are subject to various litigation and government inquiries and investigations, formal or informal, by competition authorities in the United States, Europe, and other jurisdictions. Such investigations, inquiries, and lawsuits concern, among other things, our business practices in the areas of social networking or social media services, digital advertising, and/or mobile or online applications, as well as our acquisitions. For example, in 2019 we became the subject of antitrust investigations by the FTC and U.S. Department of Justice. On December 9, 2020, the FTC filed a complaint (FTC v. Meta Platforms, Inc.) against us in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia alleging that we engaged in anticompetitive conduct and unfair methods of competition in violation of Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act and Section 2 of the Sherman Act, including by acquiring Instagram in 2012 and WhatsApp in 2014 and by maintaining conditions on access to our platform. The FTC sought a permanent injunction against our company's alleged violations of the antitrust laws, and other equitable relief, including divestiture or reconstruction of Instagram and WhatsApp. On June 28, 2021, the court granted our motion to dismiss the complaint filed by the FTC with leave to amend. On August 19, 2021, the FTC filed an amended complaint, and on October 4, 2021, we filed a motion to dismiss this amended complaint. On January 11, 2022, the court denied our motion to dismiss the FTC's amended complaint. On April 5, 2024, we filed our motion for summary judgment and the FTC filed its opposition and its own motion for partial summary judgment on May 24, 2024. On November 13, 2024, the court granted in part and denied in part both our and the FTC's motions for summary judgment. Trial began on April 14, 2025 and concluded on May 27, 2025. On November 18, 2025, the court granted judgment in our favor. On January 20, 2026, the FTC filed a notice of appeal of that ruling. Multiple putative class actions have also been filed in state and federal courts in the United States and in the United Kingdom against us alleging violations of antitrust laws and other causes of action in connection with these acquisitions and/or other alleged anticompetitive conduct, and seeking damages and injunctive relief. Several of the cases brought on behalf of certain advertisers and users in the United States were consolidated in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California (Klein et al., v. Meta Platforms, Inc.). On December 30, 2024, we filed our motion for summary judgment in the putative class action brought on behalf of certain advertisers, which is pending with the court. On January 24, 2025, the court denied plaintiffs' motion for class certification in the action brought on behalf of users, permitting it to proceed only on an individual basis as to the named plaintiffs. On September 29, 2025, in the user action, the court granted our motion, entering judgment in our favor. On October 27, 2025, plaintiffs in the user action filed a notice of appeal.On February 11, 2022, a putative class action was filed against us in the UK Competition Appeals Tribunal (CAT) under the UK collective proceedings regime (Lovdahl-Gormsen v. Meta Platforms, Inc. et al.). On October 6, 2023, following the denial of class certification, the class representative submitted an amended claim alleging abuse of dominance relating to aspects of our data processing practices and seeking damages. The CAT certified the amended claim on February 15, 2024. Trial is scheduled to begin in September 2027.We are also subject to litigation in Europe brought by news and media companies alleging anticompetitive conduct in relation to aspects of our historic data processing practices. For example, on December 1, 2023, 87 news media companies filed a joint action against us in Spain in relation to our legal basis under the GDPR for behavioral advertising, alleging unfair competition and abuse of dominance (Asociacion de Medios de Informacion (AMI) v. Meta Ireland). On November 19, 2025, the court issued judgment against us, finding that AMI had failed to establish abuse of dominance but upholding its case on unfair competition and awarding damages of approximately EUR €542 million. We have appealed the decision. In addition, on October 24, 2024, ten radio and television publishers commenced a separate claim against us in Spain on the same basis (Union de Televisiones Comerciales Asociadas (UTECA) v. Meta Ireland). In addition, on April 29, 2025, a similar unfair competition claim was filed against us by 67 media companies in France (Amaury et al. v. Meta Platforms Ireland Limited). Trial is expected to take place in 2027.In December 2022, the European Commission issued a Statement of Objections alleging that we tie Facebook Marketplace to Facebook and use data in a manner that infringes European Union competition rules. On November 18, 2024, the European Commission issued a decision that Meta infringed Article 102 on the Treaty of the Functioning of the European Union in relation to certain alleged business practices relating to Facebook Marketplace and imposed a fine of approximately EUR €798 million. We appealed the European Commission's decision on January 28, 2025.54Table of ContentsIn March 2024, the European Commission opened an investigation into the compliance of our "subscription for no ads" consent model with requirements under Article 5(2) of the Digital Markets Act (DMA). The European Commission issued preliminary findings on July 1, 2024 reflecting its preliminary view that our model does not comply with such requirements. In April 2025, the European Commission issued a final decision that our "subscription for no ads" model does not comply with such requirements and imposed a fine of EUR €200 million. Based on feedback from the European Commission in connection with the DMA, we launched less personalized ads (LPA) in November 2024 and made significant modifications to LPA since the European Commission issued its final decision. We appealed the European Commission's decision on July 4, 2025, but further modifications to our model may be imposed during the appeal process, which could result in a materially worse user experience for European users and a significant impact to our European business and revenue.The result of such litigation, investigations or inquiries could subject us to substantial monetary remedies and costs, interrupt or require us to change our business practices, divert resources and the attention of management from our business, or subject us to other structural or behavioral remedies that adversely affect our business.Securities and Other ActionsBeginning on March 20, 2018, multiple putative class actions and derivative actions were filed in state and federal courts in the United States and elsewhere against us and certain of our directors and officers alleging violations of securities laws, breach of fiduciary duties, and other causes of action in connection with our platform and user data practices as well as the misuse of certain data by a developer that shared such data with third parties in violation of our terms and policies, and seeking unspecified damages and injunctive relief. Beginning on July 27, 2018, two putative class actions were filed in federal court in the United States against us and certain of our directors and officers alleging violations of securities laws in connection with the disclosure of our earnings results for the second quarter of 2018 and seeking unspecified damages. These two actions subsequently were transferred and consolidated in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California (In Re Facebook, Inc. Securities Litigation) with the putative securities class action described above relating to our platform and user data practices. In a series of orders in 2019 and 2020, the district court granted our motions to dismiss the plaintiffs' claims. On January 17, 2022, the plaintiffs filed a notice of appeal of the order dismissing their case, and on October 18, 2023, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit issued its decision affirming in part and reversing in part the district court's order dismissing the plaintiffs' case. We filed a petition for writ of certiorari on March 4, 2024 with the U.S. Supreme Court, seeking review of the Ninth Circuit's order. The Supreme Court granted in part our petition for writ of certiorari on June 10, 2024, and following oral argument issued an order on November 22, 2024 dismissing the grant of certiorari as improvidently granted. On January 24, 2025, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit returned the case to the district court. On July 1, 2025, the plaintiffs filed a fourth amended complaint. On September 2, 2025, we filed a motion to dismiss the fourth amended complaint.We are also subject to other government inquiries and investigations relating to our business activities and disclosure practices. For example, beginning in September 2021, we became subject to government investigations and requests relating to a former employee's allegations and release of internal company documents concerning, among other things, our algorithms, advertising and user metrics, and content enforcement practices, as well as misinformation and other undesirable activity on our platform, and user well-being. We have since received additional requests relating to these and other topics. Beginning on October 27, 2021, multiple putative class actions and derivative actions were filed in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California against us and certain of our directors and officers alleging violations of securities laws, breach of fiduciary duties, and other causes of action in connection with the same matters, and seeking unspecified damages (Ohio Pub. Empl. Ret. Sys. v. Meta Platforms, Inc.). On September 30, 2024, the court dismissed certain claims with leave to amend, but determined certain claims regarding content enforcement practices and user well-being could proceed against us and certain of our current and former directors and officers.On March 8, 2022, a putative class action was filed in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California against us and certain of our directors and officers alleging violations of securities laws in connection with the disclosure of our earnings results for the fourth quarter of 2021 and seeking unspecified damages (Plumbers & Steamfitters Local 60 Pension Trust v. Meta Platforms, Inc.). On July 18, 2023, the court dismissed the claims against Meta and its officers with leave to amend. On September 18, 2023, the plaintiffs filed an amended complaint and on September 17, 2024, the court dismissed the claims with prejudice. On October 14, 2024, plaintiffs filed their notice of appeal and oral argument was held on January 6, 2026.55Table of ContentsYouth-Related ActionsBeginning in January 2022, we became subject to litigation and other proceedings that were filed in various federal and state courts in the United States as well as other jurisdictions alleging that Facebook and Instagram cause "social media addiction" in users, with most proceedings focused on those under 18 years old, resulting in various mental health and other harms. Putative class actions have been filed in the United States, Brazil, Canada, Europe, and elsewhere on behalf of users in those jurisdictions, and numerous school districts, municipalities, and tribal nations have filed public nuisance claims in the United States, Brazil, and/or Canada based on similar allegations. On October 6, 2022, the U.S. federal cases were centralized in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California (In re Social Media Adolescent Addiction Product Liability Personal Injury Litigation). Beginning in March 2023, U.S. states and territories began filing lawsuits on these topics in various federal and state courts. These additional lawsuits include allegations regarding violations of the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), child sexual abuse material and other child safety concerns, as well as violations of state consumer protection laws, unfair business practices, public nuisance, and products liability, with proceedings focused on our alleged business practices (including the use of end-to-end encryption) and harms to users under 18 years old. Certain of the lawsuits described above have since expanded to include various other claims relating to our services, including with respect to age verification, AI and AI chatbots, deceptive advertising, illicit or illegal activity with respect to drugs, fraud, and firearms, and privacy-related matters, among others. These lawsuits seek damages and injunctive relief, and include cases filed by various state attorneys general in In re Social Media Adolescent Addiction Product Liability Personal Injury Litigation in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California, as well as various state courts around the country. Trial in the first of the personal injury cases began on January 27, 2026 in Judicial Council Coordination Proceeding No. 5255 pending in Los Angeles County California Superior Court. Trial in the first of the state attorneys general cases is currently scheduled to begin on February 2, 2026 in the First Judicial District Court of New Mexico, in a case brought by the New Mexico Attorney General. Trials in other state attorneys general cases are currently scheduled or expected to be scheduled in the second half of 2026 or in 2027. The first trial in the multidistrict litigation (In re Social Media Adolescent Addiction Product Liability Personal Injury Litigation) is a school district bellwether case and is scheduled to begin on June 15, 2026. Across the cases described above, the damages or penalties that plaintiffs have indicated they intend to seek range widely in amount, including in certain cases up to the high tens of billions of dollars. In addition, beginning in November 2024, counsel for over one hundred thousand individual claimants have sent mass arbitration demands relating to "social media addiction" and related harms allegedly caused by Instagram.We are also subject to government investigations and requests from multiple regulators in various jurisdictions globally concerning the use of our products and services, and the alleged mental and physical health and safety and privacy impacts on users, particularly younger users, as well as the accuracy of our statements about youth and parental features. On May 16, 2024, the European Commission opened formal proceedings assessing our compliance with certain requirements under Articles 28, 34, and 35 of the Digital Services Act (DSA), including the way in which we identified, assessed, and mitigated against certain systemic risks to minors and other vulnerable users that may stem from the design and functioning of Instagram and Facebook.Other ActionsBeginning on August 15, 2018, multiple putative class actions were filed against us alleging that we inflated our estimates of the potential audience size for advertisements, resulting in artificially increased demand and higher prices. The cases were consolidated in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California (DZ Reserve v. Facebook, Inc.) and seek unspecified damages and injunctive relief. In a series of rulings in 2019, 2021, and 2022, the court dismissed certain of the plaintiffs' claims, but permitted their fraud and unfair competition claims to proceed. On March 29, 2022, the court granted the plaintiffs' motion for class certification. On March 21, 2024, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit affirmed in part and reversed in part the order granting class certification. On May 3, 2024, we filed a petition for panel rehearing and rehearing en banc, which was denied by the Ninth Circuit. We filed a petition for a writ of certiorari with the U.S. Supreme Court on October 2, 2024, which was denied. We then moved to compel arbitration, which the district court denied. We appealed the denial of our motion to compel arbitration to the Ninth Circuit on December 3, 2025. The matter is stayed in district court pending resolution of our appeal.Beginning on July 7, 2023, multiple cases, including putative class actions, were filed against us in the United States and elsewhere, alleging that we improperly acquired, distributed, and used various copyrighted materials and/or other types of data to train our artificial intelligence models and seeking unspecified damages and injunctive relief. In the United States, statutory damages for copyright liability are calculated on a per work basis, which may result in substantial damages, particularly given the large volumes of data required to train AI models. The cases in the United States, which were filed in 56Table of Contentsthe U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California (Kadrey, et al. v. Meta Platforms, Inc., Chabon, et al. v. Meta Platforms, Inc. and Farnsworth v. Meta Platforms, Inc.) and U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York (Huckabee, et al. v. Meta Platforms, Inc. et al., which was subsequently transferred to the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California), have been consolidated into Kadrey, et al. v. Meta Platforms, Inc. Motions for summary judgment were heard in this case on May 1, 2025, including on the issue of the applicability of the fair use defense to use of copyrighted books for generative AI model training. On June 25, 2025, the court granted our motion for summary judgment on fair use as to the named plaintiffs in the case. The parties will proceed to brief the remaining claim of copyright infringement due to alleged distribution of books to third parties during the downloading process. The court is scheduled to hear summary judgment motions on July 16, 2026. Beginning in November 2025, additional cases with similar claims were filed against us in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California (Entrepreneur Media v. Meta Platforms, Inc., Carreyrou et al. v. Anthropic PBC, et al. and TED Entertainment, Inc. v. Meta Platforms, Inc.). We expect some of these cases will be set for trial beginning in mid-2027.On April 30, 2024, the European Commission opened formal proceedings against us to assess Facebook and Instagram's compliance with certain requirements under Articles 14, 16, 17, 20, 24, 25, 34, 35, and 40 of the DSA, regarding a range of topics including elections, content reporting and appeals, third-party access to data, political content recommendations, potential deceptive advertising and disinformation, including the way in which we identified, assessed, and mitigated against certain systemic risks on Instagram and Facebook. The Commission issued preliminary findings with respect to some of these topics on October 24, 2025 reflecting its preliminary view that we have infringed DSA obligations related to notice and action mechanisms for illegal content reporting, content moderation decision appeals, and data access for researchers. We have an opportunity to respond to the preliminary findings, and would also have an opportunity to appeal a final decision by the Commission. We are also responding to regulatory inquiries and litigation related to allegedly deceptive advertising, including but not limited to financial scams and the use of our services to promote deceptive activity, in other parts of the world.We are also subject to other litigation and government inquiries and investigations relating to advertising on our platform and our alleged role in causing or contributing to various societal harms, including illegal activity with respect to drugs, fraud, deceptive activity, unlawful discrimination, and other harms potentially impacting large numbers of people. We have received additional requests relating to these and other topics including in connection with news outlet reporting regarding these issues in the fourth quarter of 2025.In addition, we are subject to litigation and other proceedings involving law enforcement and other regulatory agencies, including in particular in Brazil, Russia, and other countries in Europe, in order to ascertain the precise scope of our legal obligations to comply with the requests of those agencies, including our obligation to disclose user information in particular circumstances. A number of such instances have resulted in the assessment of fines and penalties against us. We believe we have multiple legal grounds to satisfy these requests or prevail against associated fines and penalties, and we intend to vigorously defend such fines and penalties.We are also party to various other legal proceedings, claims, and regulatory, tax or government inquiries and investigations that arise in the ordinary course of business, and we expect to be subject to additional legal proceedings and disputes in the future.Item 4.Mine Safety DisclosuresNot applicable.57Table of ContentsPART IIItem 5.Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity SecuritiesMarket Information for Common StockOur Class A common stock is trading on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the ticker symbol 'META'. Our Class B common stock is not listed on any stock exchange nor traded on any public market.Holders of RecordAs of December 31, 2025, there were 2,533 stockholders of record of our Class A common stock, and the closing price of our Class A common stock was $660.09 per share as reported on the Nasdaq Global Select Market. Because many of our shares of Class A common stock are held by brokers and other institutions on behalf of stockholders, we are unable to estimate the total number of stockholders represented by these record holders. As of December 31, 2025, there were 25 stockholders of record of our Class B common stock.Dividend PolicyBeginning in 2024, our board of directors declared quarterly cash dividends to the holders of our Class A and Class B common stock. During the year ended December 31, 2025, total dividend and dividend equivalent payments were $4.60 billion and $720 million for Class A and Class B common stock, respectively. Subject to legally available funds and future declaration by our board of directors, we currently intend to continue to pay a quarterly cash dividend on our outstanding common stock. The declaration and payment of future dividends is at the sole discretion of our board of directors after taking into account various factors, including our financial condition, operating results, available cash, and current and anticipated cash needs. See Note 12 — Stockholders' Equity in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information regarding dividends.Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated PurchasersThere was no share repurchase activity during the three months ended December 31, 2025.Recent Sale of Unregistered Securities and Use of ProceedsRecent Sale of Unregistered Securities None.58Table of ContentsStock Performance GraphThis performance graph shall not be deemed "soliciting material" or to be "filed" with the SEC for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liabilities under that Section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Meta Platforms, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act.The following graph shows a comparison of the cumulative total return for our Class A common stock, the Dow Jones Internet Composite Index (DJINET), the Standard & Poor's 500 Stock Index (S&P 500) and the Nasdaq Composite Index (Nasdaq Composite) for the five years ended December 31, 2025. The annual changes for the five-year period shown in the graph assumes that $100 was invested in our common stock and each index at the market close on the last trading day for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, and that all dividends were reinvested. The stock price performance of the following graph is not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance.Item 6.[Reserved]59Table of Contents